Sprecher 1:  So in the meanwhile.  And yeah, you know, more or less the questions.
Sprecher 5:  But I will.
Sprecher 1:  Repeat them. Of course you know, of course. Of course. I was kind of joking.
Sprecher 2:  You can repeat that.
Sprecher 1:  Because we are going over.  Well, first, was there anything that  You particularly liked or disliked... today.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, I really like the maybe like the limitations that gave me like more focus with the partner that I was with, like being behind the curtain and the seats and.  I mean, even though I broke all the kind of set up and like, you know, came off the seat and like.  Yeah. I just. I really like the, like the closeness of the interaction.  Yeah. And I really liked playing with. I feel like this Sentire has something strong with the being with the distance and the space in between the touch. Like for me, it's always more interesting to be like just before the touch.  Not always. But then yeah, I was playing more with the musicality.  Of it and the.  I'll say something about something else like I like. Can we play, Like, can I just give you touch at some point or like, can I just and we had an interaction where I put my hand on.  On your back.  Or like I hobbled my hand over like one side of your back quite a while.  And then.  Like touch.  And this like for me, was like a moment of tracking what was.  My sensations in my body, as well as being with the sound and there's like much more bigger experience that was like more complex.  I say bigger because this was so like this being sound being made because Mario's movements and feelings and yeah, kind of energy in this situation and.  Yeah. Like I was kind of supported by this and.  This this kind of enclosed space and the.  The closeness [unclear] interaction.
Sprecher 2:  I. Yeah. Today. Yeah, I I was also enjoying the the privacy and.  And close proximity and being focused.  One person also, it was lacking the performerformativeness, but we had before because there were no no one was watching.  ...also, It was two very different experiences with different partners.  Yeah, I guess that was, yeah. 
Sprecher 1:  And were any situation where the sound was comfortable or uncomfortable.
Sprecher 2:  I think I'm starting to get used to the sound now. It's the third time, so I'm kind of I already know what to expect, so it's not like at all like it's not surprising or.  I know your sound and.  It was the both times. It was very.  Different and the.  The first time, what I did [unclear]  The samples it was reminding me of computer game.  I felt like we were somewhere in 90s. You know this old.  Old computer games and it was.  Affecting a lot what we were doing.  In the sense.  That it was very playful and and it was affecting with the quality how we were touching each other.  And and then with Kira, the sound was more like legato drony flow, like very different sound you chose  And was totally different experience and different movement quality with Kira and with her. Also there was a lot of.  Like I think we first we were composing a lot and and playing and with Kira. It was. I felt like we were caring.  Like there was this caring touch like.  Really like compressing each other.
Sprecher 1:  And was because of the sound you know.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah, I I would say that the sound has like a lot of lot of lot of impact how we also how we behaved with each other like what we do how we touched.  Did I answer the question? What was the question?
Sprecher 1:  Whether there was.  This sound was particularly comfortable or uncomfortable.  No, no, it's.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, I I found this sound quite comfortable today like.  I like.  I like the longer sounds.  Like that have some consistency. There was a.  Moment with Kira. Where?  Like we came closer together.  And then we touched we were like down on the floor pretty much like crouched down and my head was on one side and her head was on the like the right side of my head and my our left hands were touching and the the sound had changed into this like.  Grey tone I would say it was like sort of like thinking.
Sprecher 8:  So I would describe thinking, you know, like it was like quiet and soft.
Sprecher 5:  And a bit white and a bit.  Grey and it was like.  Like busy, like, there was a lot like.  You know, going.  Like people, it was a little bit.  Like people having a conversation in the background.  That's what it was like.
Sprecher 1:  conversation?
Sprecher 5:  in the background.
Sprecher 9:  You know, like if There was a group over there and they were talking very quietly or in the other room then that.
Sprecher 5:  Would be the.  The sound of this this sound, and I really liked that and that it kind of quietened us down the way and.  Then we made hands touched with the right hand.  I wasn't sure whether I liked the sound in the beginning, but then.  I was like, yeah.  Really like this  It kind of resonated with my experience.
Sprecher 1:  So that was with Kira.
Sprecher 5:  With Kira yeah.  And it was when he had. There was also these sounds with Kira.  Like quite high higher pitched sounds when we were moving and then we just like touch each other. Like almost incidentally, yeah, like incidentally. it was tummmmm [simulating the sound]  It was like another like but higher pitch than that.  That was a bit alarming.  And then it was a very big contrast when we actually did make this definite touch and like to have.  This quieter sound, so I.  Was a bit like confused.
Sprecher 1:  But and again, this was with Kira.   So and.  Can you recall any situation where you felt that?  Using the system helped to perceive your body better.
Sprecher 2:  It was.  I was very aware where my.  Limbs where my body is.  In relation to another body.  And like we were playing a lot with empty spaces.
Sprecher 7:  and I think this really really small space, because it was so restricted
Sprecher 2:  It definitely was bringing a lot of attention, like my distance to another.  Another person, but it was like.  Of course, to do with the sound, but also to do with the like with the restriction of the space.  Yeah, because it's a strong to to go far like it's simple with Kira in the end. I came to you and I came behind you and Kira was like it was emphasised our our distance to each other. 
Sprecher 1:  Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So of course, in combination of the understanding of the setting. So there's more intimate setting, and the interactive sound.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 5:  I think on a performative level you can really enhance the dynamics within a small space.  Dynamics that might be.  Or you could play with anyway.  Or that might be there.  Between two people socially but like, yeah, condense, condense the space, condense the.   I'm sorry, I think I've veered off the question a bit there with that.  Comment what was the question again?
Sprecher 1:  It was about.  Whether it helped.  To perceive have better perception of your body.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, I think I think I agree with what Maria said about.  The space.  Bringing that yeah, into greater intensity, that's.  But also bringing more into intensity the relationship.
Sprecher 1:  Being so close and intimate, I mean.
Sprecher 5:  Wasn't just about.  My body, but the the relationship between me and the other.  I think I I was quite curious about. You know, we'd had this conversation before about.  The intercepted and proprioceptive.  And in this moment of interacting with.  Humery of like when I have my hand.  On the back.  This was I was consciously like mapping my interoceptive field as well as.  Being in relationship with the sound and this was like towards the end of our time in the little booth, let's say. So I'd already kind of got familiar with the sound and.  I'm comfortable.  To stay in relationship with that and also like.  Exploring perceptively and be in contact, I mean.  Yeah, I think on something more able to be with these multiple layers, let's say.  Of attention.
Sprecher 1:  I mean that connects also with the next question so.  Whether it helps us to perceive the other person and there is of course an overlapping.  
Sprecher 2:  I think I already answered the question because it was about about the relation to another person and now with like also with trust, like just to to to.
Sprecher 1:  With Kira.
Sprecher 2:  I don't think I have something to add.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, the small space.  Made me, as I said, more aware of the relationship.  I mean, it's hard to say. Does it make me more aware of the  Other body like.  Or person.  I feel yes and no. Still like, I feel like there's more information going on with the sound.  And and I never know, you know, I can never know what Maria's experiencing.  But I can sense and I can like.  Sense, you know, through my touch or through, like, just sitting with her or, you know, I get some some sort of information, but I don't know that you know what she's still feeling.  So like, yeah, I kind of.  Yeah, I don't know.I think there's a little bit of like.  With the playfulness that come about, both with both partners with Kiera and Maria, like interacting and playing with sound like there's a little bit of me that's like has a bit of uncertainty around the experience of the other more because of the playfulness.  Like it takes me a while to.  Like trust.  Like in that.  This might sound really crazy.
Sprecher 1:  No, no, no. It sounds actually quite interesting and maybe tell tell more about this. I find it interesting.
Sprecher 5:  Just cause like in play you can like.  When you play, you can do things.  That maybe are.  I think we we spoke before about touching people's face when you might not normally just have the permission to do that or give yourself permission like and and like how it's quite actually easy in play.  Your boundaries.  Or to.  Yeah, even to invite somebody in to do something that's it's like make.
Sprecher 12:  Believe or something or you know you.
Sprecher 5:  Pull a pose, even if it's a bit edgy.  Or you're kind of.  Yeah, I don't know. It's like it might be gesturing, but I'm not sure how.  This could be.  But and I feel very hesitant to analyse too.  Much play because.  Shut up, rose.
Sprecher 1:  But you mean today you felt  Am I understanding correctly? You are saying that the setting give you.  Let you do let you do something that you you otherwise you would have not done or you were letting out the playfulness.
Sprecher 5:  That emerged in that. Yeah, I mean the.
Sprecher 1:  That was involved let you.
Sprecher 5:  The the sound made.  Me. Like, encourage me to do things or.  Right. Move gesture towards Maria or Kira away from anywhere, so I wouldn't normally.  You know I wouldn't.
Sprecher 1:  MHM. Yep.
Sprecher 5:  It creates like the intensity of that attention. There was a moment.  With you or Kira.  Yeah, two fingers were coming together. Was it with you? Yeah, I think, yeah. Just like. 00:18:58 Thinking here.  Yeah, the sound is like giving this like so [vvvvvvvv, imitating the approaching sound] we're like definitely in this thing together. There's no question of it.
Sprecher 1:  I mean sometimes.
Sprecher 5:  Come without touch. Like have this like or intensity of connexion with somebody or you just staying super present.
Sprecher 2:  I was also thinking of.  After use of eyes  And however, using the visual sense because we were placed in front of each other.  And this is also emphasising the visual sense when, like we are creating the how we are relating.  Especially with you in the first one then I think.  In the end, we.  Changed it because you were behind me, actually. And I.  But I was just.
Sprecher 5:  With Kira at the end, you.  Were closing your eyes.
Sprecher 2:  No, no, with you. When you were touching me, I was closing my eyes.  When you were just touching me and upstairs. But then, and this is also, it has a like an impact for how how I'm relating and perceive perceiving another person and that's why I also there was.  Quite a lot of mirroring  What would not have been probably otherwise.  So in this sense, yes, I am like.  Quite, I am like perceiving where what another person is doing. Where are Her Her space like in relation to me, Definitely moved to like how is it  But again, it's more like the question of setting.  And of course it's very different because we are also used as, as, as a dancers we are.
Sprecher 9:  Also used to.
Sprecher 2:  Like perceive in a different ways, not just like frontally. And this is actually something that we are practising.  Let's we want to like we don't have.  To all the time they like.  Seeing each other, but they can still perceive  Want to party? They're releasing the space in relation to know, you know, like where? What is the dynamic and.  So it changes like what we are doing when we are.  Frontally to each other.  And there was definitely also this.  Like what you talk about to play?  The provocation.
Sprecher 1:  I mean, I see already that is a recurring subjects. So of course we changed them.  The setting affects a lot of the experience, so even independently from using Sentire or  not.  I mean, if you did what you did last weeks, but you did it in such a setting, there would have been also a big change. So of course we are changing we have one more variable now that then.  It's hard, then, to distinguish how much Sentire is responsible, or how much the setting so.  Yeah. We still, I would say we still go this way, so.  Feel free to mention the setting as much as you want, and so yeah, next question will be about your bodily feeling. So again this German word Körpergefühle  An emotion, a feeling connected to a bodily sensation  So whether there was something like that today.
Sprecher 5:  I think there was two moments for.
Sprecher 9:  Me where That was quite clear.
Sprecher 5:  One was towards the end with.  Can't really remember what we were doing, but it was like.  We were on the floor. Think.  Basically my my attention had lapsed a bit. My attention had like it was.  It was not very focused anymore and I.  Think I.  Like I don't know it was.  Like, oh, I should leave.  And we should stop this now. So we'd have such a nice flow, you know, like creating, like, beautiful sounds great music in in the way we've been interacting. That was really nice. And then there was this.  Bit of like like.  Ohh it's not doing anything more for me.  So I just sort of.  The sound kind of came a bit.  Like meh…  and.  Yeah. And then so there was an emotion of disappointment. I think there or just like tiredness or like.  How how to end this and I I I don't think I ended it very sati... satisfactory like.
Sprecher 1:  So one quick question.  Could you locate in that moment the sensation in your body, that disappointment?
Sprecher 5:  I don't know.  From it came just.  As well, actually it was maybe a concern as a bit in my chest and a bit in my head.  And a bit like.  Maybe a bit behind my eyes.  As well, because like that's maybe a disappointment a bit more, but like the concerns were in my.  Chest and my head, but more like.
Sprecher 9:  Feels just like.
Sprecher 5:  Firing or waning? Waning like something's running out.
Sprecher 10:  OK.  So was it also feeling heavy or?
Sprecher 5:  No, no, it was quite light. It was quite light.   It was just like ohh, it's waining a bit.
Sprecher 9:  Or I don't, you know, maybe, maybe, maybe we should end soon or.
Sprecher 5:  Or concern that this is like not gonna...  Do much more. Although we've had a really nice run. Let's just leave it as that and now.  We're kind of going and drifting into this like.  Extended territory were really not so interesting and actually.  Just wanting to be with like.  Oh, that was really fun. That was there. But.  You know not.  Not prolonging it.  I try not to judge it too much. It stayed quite light, but I did leave.  There was also another there was another moment, toward the beginning
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, suddenly was so quiet there, you know?
Sprecher 5:  There was a moment like on a few moments with Kira, where emotions were very clear.  Like what? Like I mean.  I think that's what you're asking.  About like there was.  A kind of period at the.  Beginning where we were sort of flirting, I would say. Or she kind of was pulling gestures and like closing her legs and.  Then holding her hand.  And then I kind of copied it the other way and there was like this sort of like.  Yeah, giving something but taking something away, the sort of feeling.  That was, yeah, teasing. Like so, there was something of, like, feeling a bit edgy in this this moment. And it happened again later on.  And then there was also, like, a few moments where it was really like ohh right hand. I think it was both times my right hand like joined what must have been her left hand. So like this moment where?  It was like, Oh yeah, we're we're we're committing to this like strong grip hold like strong like.  Yeah, I want this, but there might have been some touch. There was touch going on or had been and then there was like now we go deeper and and that happened twice.  Like once when we were standing once when we were crouched on the ground and we both really late.  The second time we really looked at this hand and it was like, oh, what happens here also with the sound and things.  Yeah, there was something of kind of.  Relief and assurance and and.  a yes, I know.  Consistency and simplicity of something in this in this moment.  And an ongoingness, maybe the white noise for example, that I spoke about before, that was like the background conversation, very light again.  A little bit, yeah.
Sprecher 1:  Was again a location of this feelings in your body reference.
Sprecher 5:  It's quite all over. It's really quite global.  But like, it feels a bit like this connective tissue, like like global sense of, like, my connected issues like alert and alive. But it's also definitely connected.  Bound like bound anyway. Yeah, being, yeah. Being bound, but not bound in a way that's like.  You're forced together, but like.  You know, like water binds the soup or like there's like some.  That binds the.  soup together.  So and it was a.  Feeling of bonding
Sprecher 2:  Can you repeat the question?
Sprecher 1:  It's about whether you experienced some situation.  Where you had this  Bodily feeling, emotion. Körpergefühle, So.  Like the example I did last week like you feel your stomach tightening and because you're feeling sad, for example or.  So yeah, and then the emotion.  That maybe was triggered by a bodily reception or in connexion with it.
Sprecher 2:  At the beginning I definitely felt quite hilarious.  But I'm not like I can tell you so.  Many things, but I'm not really like. It's not really answer your question.  Because I can, like I don't know what to answer, I can tell so many things. What happened there. But it's I don't feel it's really answering your question.
Sprecher 1:  it’s ok.
Sprecher 2:  It's I feel like also I'm really like it's really hard for me. To focus today, but.  Like bodily feel, it's it's a difficult question because they are all the time there. So how can I?  I mean, I understand like if there is one really, really strong moment and then you can just somehow bring it out.  But like I think there were just a lot of things happening like it was fun. It was joyful. It was.
Sprecher 1:  Sure, of course.  Because more than what you can.
Sprecher 2:  And also boredome also this moment that you don't.
Sprecher 1:  Talk about it.
Sprecher 2:  Know if you should.  Continue or not and.  Or you feel like you did. You tried already everything or whatever.  I don't know.  Maybe. Well, maybe I can just talk.  About this one moment that.  With Kiera.  There was this moment that I was somehow like.  I was just like wrapping my arms around her, and then I was like hugging her and and then compressing her and and and she was just receiving.  And there.
Sprecher 9:  I like.
Sprecher 2:  Like I said also, before this moment of care.  And like giving and and receiving, but also at the same time I like it's not the roles are not just giving and receiving like.  I'm also really receiving and and and she's also giving even it was like like active and passive and.  Somehow the sound I think this was the the.  It was the effect of the sound while this happened and I I was really trying to pour into her, like pour into her structure and into the mass.  And it was interesting.  Because somehow inside felt that the sound was really cooperating, that also the sound was there like it was also there, like somehow pouring in.  Even I know that it doesn't work like that like like technically it doesn't work like that. But today in this moment it really felt that it was.  Also like getting more.  And and this was like like with the relation and the relation to sound and the relation to emotion and relation to body feeling. I felt like it was kind of coherent, like there was something that everything came together.
Sprecher 1:  can you describe more in detail this pouring?
Sprecher 2:  I think it's very like I feel a lot.  Of like it's it's very.  I feel a lot of like a materia and texture and like the softness and fluid and like.  Feels like that I'm somehow entering into another body.
Sprecher 1:  And how how?  Did it feel to enter another body?
Sprecher 2:  Like emotionally you mean?
Sprecher 1:  Also, bodily both whatever you experience in the moment.
Sprecher 2:  It feels like you are.  The boundaries are fading like you don't have so strong boundaries.
Sprecher 1:  How? How did you know at that moment  You don't have strong boundaries?
Sprecher 2:  Because you feel you usually like you, you feel easily. You feel like you and and the external world. And there like this sensation. It's it's fading.  Of course you can. Still, you still feel your body, but somehow like the the just the the material so and another body that's like.  It's so like close to you are you are so.  In you don't feel.  So strong strong pound that is of your own skin.  Or or your own structure or.  Yeah, your body.  But it was not like a truck[unclear] like experience, where you totally lose.  I would think like quite like in my body.  But there's a feeling it's very like it's very, very comforting. It's very nice. It's very soft. And especially I think.  Because it always requires quite a lot of trust.
Sprecher 9:  That you can use of.
Sprecher 2:  Care another body or you can feel like sensitive in another body.  So like also to to trust that another person is like consenting or feels like like wants to feel situation  I think the sound was very comforting.  Because really, really hard [unclear] and very low also in in that moment. So it's definitely had Its contribution to to the.
Sprecher 9:  Moment, yeah.
Sprecher 2:  Or to the moment when I was touching it, it was not like when I was first time physically touching. It was the sound was not so sharp. It was not so strong an example.
Sprecher 1:  So you didn't try to so comfortable?  You mean or?
Sprecher 2:  Oh no, I can't. No, not at all. I didn't say this.  I'm just telling us why this moment happened.
Sprecher 1:  OK.
Sprecher 2:  I just said like the the moment when I touch her comes like ping! [emulates a short high pitch percussive sound]  You know, with Kira it was like something uuuuu-uuuu [emulates a drony sound], you know, it's very different experience. You don't always welcome ping! You. Don't always feel like uuuuu  Like you know, pulling into the party, sometimes you feel like ping! Or pang! or whatever. No.  But it's depends how how you touch
Sprecher 3:  Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yeah. Thank you.
Sprecher 1:  Can you can you recall moments where it helped to explore the expression of your movement or your body expression so?  Right. So you're moving away to express something so direct doesn't have to be necessarily communication. Communication is.  More specific, so we express something with our position and with our moving like.  So whether a certain situation where.  Using Sentire today affected particularly.  These two aspects, so the body expression.  More position with body. I'm in more position now  every movement .  And there is maybe something, because I mean, I imagine that in the end, as you say, especially when the guys, I I also think it's any movement does.  But maybe there is something one or two situations you want to report were also related to this.  Like a few situations.
Sprecher 5:  That that. I'm like, yeah, that kind.  Of specifically related to the way.  We were touching, but that also being.  Related to the sound.  I can't, I find it.  Very difficult to separate the two.
Sprecher 1:  I mean, the reason for sure overall, I mean it's impossible not to have overlapping with this question and just trying to focus different aspects.  But of course, when you start from one you you bring in all the others. So yeah, it's just trying to to focus on see in this and.  See if there is something that is more that was not said before.
Sprecher 2:  I answered him today very much like every aspect question, and then I feel like, yeah, but I also already answered it and I didn't feel it so much last time. So today, I don't know why today it feels...
Sprecher 1:  More than maybe because we are also in.  A smaller group and.  And the second thing is also is how?  And that's how the this focus group interview works. The idea is that you repeat the interview, until you achieve saturation saturation means up to a point where nothing more is added.  Do usually through three interviews, is what they suggest, but depends and for that also for.  To saturation. That's good because it's.  The last time anyway so.  It's been a problem.  The other way around.  But I think also there's more rules that also plays a role. And yes, thank you. -------
Sprecher 2:  Have a hard time to perceive questions today.
Sprecher 1:  No, no problem. No, no. You can ask me anytime about that. So the question is about.  Body expression and movement expression. So if you want to simplify you can use communications body communication or movement communication.
Sprecher 2:  Body expression and movement expression.
Sprecher 1:  That would be, let's say I say expression because it's more general communication means I'm doing this movement to say for example countable this will be community.  But I can't express something with movement without necessarily communicating with.  That's why I use expression, but they can create confusion. So so whether there was a situation where you know you use the system for example what you mentioned before, you know you were going to the finger. Now I don't, I didn't. I don't remember the scene.  Didn't watch it while you did, but while you were mentioning for me was quite real to imagine. So both your fingers were going closer to each other. Apparently the sound really supported this event, right? If I understood well. So in that case.  It will be an example of, you know, movement expression or expressions and the movement together.  End with the sound.  So something in this that.  Yeah, that you remind.  Particularly there were so many stories like that.
Sprecher 2:  I think this situation today was really a lot emphasising the use of arms.  And of course, the one thing is because the the we have the system in our wrists.  Also, because it was restricted the space and and we were reaching a lot like we were reaching towards each other, reaching away, reaching like finding empty spaces coming closer. So for me it was actually lots about about arms. Today more than before.
Sprecher 1:  I saw I mean for that for sure. On the other hand, I saw both of you and also Kira that you also started to standing use your feet and legs a lot. And so there was also that part I mean.
Sprecher 2:  There, there are both. Also other things I'm just trying to.  Find some answers.  To what was the body, body expression body communication
Sprecher 5:  I think I'm always looking for feedback. You know, like feedback from like the other.  And actually.  Like in this.  Sentire system, like the feedback, is a.  Lot from the sound.  So I don't know whether I'm thinking so much.  About what I want to do. Ohh what you know.  Like this expression is somehow the word expression seems to cover me as something like.  Something like I want or desire like.  To communicate or to like let off, even if it's like not conscious, you know, like I'm quite expressive. Like it's just like a frustration or something that's maybe not seemed so.  Yes, I don't have very clear sense of like making a movement.  Yeah, I would guess most of the concise movements were like.  They were always very tide with the sound.  And they were like.  Faithful and compositional and like wanting to explore more something.  That would give feedback like for example, the moment of me joining the other hand with Keira like.  Ohh is it's gonna give some more feedback that we have more of a connection.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah. I think for me like the most like like when I have like the clearest expression where because there's also a.  Lot to do with the images.  In the beginning, when there were no sound and we were waiting a sound and what was happening there.  Because then it becomes also quite abstract, you know.  And then it's like like then I can talk about like what was happening in our movement to you, I don't know. I I cannot.  It's very difficult to relate to this.  Question or like what? What do you like?  What you want to know  For me, like there was like it was crazy how we started, it was it was so like.  Like like very private little space. You're like facing each other.  You know.  And and then.  The purpose is to touch.  And then, like you know, was was taking a shirt out.  And then I was like. 00:49:52 OK. I also will take.  Like yeah, it was giving a lot of associations like. 00:49:57 A lot of.  Images but the situation.  Could be, you know and then.  I felt like there was like also like this, you know.  Like this moment is.  Very strong when you first time you enter this private space with someone and suddenly.  Told you too.  And you are facing with each other and you are like looking each others eyes and with Kira also I felt like there was something like.   You know, one has to really connect with one own own body and and like.  Before, like being able to or also she closed her eyes for a moment because we were also waiting. Long time, you know, and like more shyness somehow it was was more like property.  Yeah. For me, please. So for me, there was this was like the strongest.
Sprecher 9:  For example.
Sprecher 5:  I see.
Sprecher 9:  I know.
Sprecher 11:  Yeah. Thank you. And couldn't do you want more?  Yeah, that's right. We have this. Yeah.
Sprecher 14:  Yeah. Thank you.  Yeah, I know that this confusing and I see more and more. How is this can be confusing. This thing is on the other hand is tricky to.
Sprecher 3:  But I do.
Sprecher 1:  Not want to start too much here, I think it's it's fine.
Sprecher 2:  Because you have.  You, you, you. You really want something?
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, in best case would be something specific, but you know, if it doesn't somehow, if you cannot connect to it, I can also understand.  So as I said, typical example would be you know I do a movement like this for example or like this you know or so I do a movement and.
Sprecher 9:  Do you have a question?
Sprecher 1:  Tries to express something.  Or even standing, you know?
Sprecher 5:  I mean, I made a movement, for example.  With Kira and was maybe a bit.  Like I turned my legs one leg over the other. 
Sprecher 1:  No, no, sure.  It's clear that it's anymore in the end is.  Any movement that's very true what you're saying  But here is related to.   Moving affected by interactive sounds you know, so like good example is those two hands like you did before.  You know that were saying you were doing that because you had the probably without the interactive sound, you would have not done that. You would have not moved.  Like that, where are her hands  You know, so.
Sprecher 2:  But if I was telling you that it was a lot about art for me, this was like a lot about arms.  It was a lot about hands like.  We were reaching to.  Each other and we were going away. And for me, this was like the basic and most simple movement that came out.  What was so related to this sound. Because there is a sound which, if I would have been improvising.  Without this system, we would not improvise like that.  And that's why I was talking you about like that like about this. Like we were really using a lot of arms and like, yeah, there there is this.  Coming close and going away and and and especially with with.  Those extremities.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I see.
Sprecher 2:  Because we didn't like example like, I don't feel like it's also the things that it's not so much gestures that.  I can now like explain to you.  Like, yeah, I had this chest.  You know, I did this because it is like.  I mean, some people say like there is no such a thing like abstraction, but like I still want to just that we can somehow understand that we are still.  Working with very abstract form.  And then that's why, if I really think like what this sound is bringing for me, it's really bringing this like like like trying out, you know, coming like close to the party with you usually with my hands, actually.  A lot with my hands.  But this I would not do so much if there would not be the system.  I think they had like chests with Rosalind, but they were more in the beginning and it was more related to situation also that we are like in this in this situation, you know like but.
Sprecher 5:  How close to the? Yeah. Yeah. There's all of these gestures were very related to the sound. Yeah.  Like what kind of effect is it gonna make?  And the movements where gestures were made with Keira as well were like.  Was gestures that were we were. I was curious about what sound would make.
Sprecher 1:  And so another question is the was the personal.  Issues whether you had the chance to explore any personal issues. The session today.  Explore or discover something. Something, something.
Sprecher 5:  No, no.  No, I don't think so I, but I really did enjoy this, moment  Of like having permission from you to like just explore touching your back [she refers to speaker 2]   I really like that moment.
Sprecher 1:  What did you?
Sprecher 5:  I just touched Maria's back or like, covered my hand over her back because I was really inspired by how we were playing a lot with  The distance in between.  And then.  Yeah, I think because we were in this composed space, it was.  Like I even had a thought. What? Doing body work on you?  Mm-hmm. So actually, my initial thought was like having that having you lie down and then, like, do this kind of shamanic like, I don't know, the bodywork would have been.  Nice. I feel like, yeah, that was something.  I would like to explore.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah, that was nice moment. And also I felt like at this this was actually also the caring moment with with Ross.  What happened then with Kira, but maybe with Kira? I was. It was another role, and it was not decided, but.  Yeah, somehow there I felt.  Yeah, I could feel like somehow the how the sound was was like supporting the like it was there also for the moment. But I never felt that it was coming from my body.  The sound.
Sprecher 1:  Now, now this small should touch with your back.
Sprecher 2:  Or and yeah, like it's interesting because when I touch then like I can, I feel like like I'm creating the sound, but it could be also coming from her.  But I'm creating the sound which comes from but it comes from your your body. But then when you are the person who are receiving it.  Doesn't feel like.  The same.
Sprecher 1:  So when you were not in the back, you didn't feel like.
Sprecher 2:  Connected in that sense, you sound it was more.  Like the sound.  Around, you know, it's just a spare plate.  But then then.  I myself, I touch. I feel like I'm the I'm like creating the sound or the sound is sound.  That's interesting. So yeah, it's it's.
Sprecher 1:  And you think it was?
Sprecher 9:  Always there and you always like that.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah. Now when I think.  I think it's like this. I think like when when you are like the active person that thing then you feel like that because for me that.  You are like creating.  Creating the sound, but actually other way.  Not so much.  Yeah, because also Kira was also touching her and then.  But that was absolute same, but I think it's also because the sound is not corresponding exactly for the touch, so you can.  So it's different.  As with all the people that it doesn't become louder or more layers if you go inside of the body or like nothing happens.  So that's why you cannot.  Experience it in that way.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, or just something unpredictable and I.  Think that's where I get these  Moment to being a bit like ohh it doesn't correspond to my experience and so then I'm a bit like.  It's disappointing.  Let's say.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah. I also had like a like those moments of like being disappointed because I was like  It was like we were really playing with our arms.  And then I wanted to bring my like.  Arm really far.  There was no change in the sound and this felt so disappointed just this.
Sprecher 6:  Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 2:  It's not so accurate. 
Sprecher 5:  But I I did have an experience.  And maybe this fit  to the next question.  Which is I think the next question is.
Sprecher 1:  Whether you use it in your practise, in your you.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, because there was a moment with Keira where and I think I had it a bit with you, but we were really in our type of total tone.  So it wasn't so clearly, but. 01:01:03 I think there was.  Also, you know the accumulation of experiences city knew come at the end of your time with.  Kira like to?  The war there was something very performative going on, like in.  This mood and then  I wonder how how would this be. You know this kind of attention that I had with Kira and the sound that was creating a world together? You know, experimenting together. But.  It was somewhat private and.  I really question like how much  Can the audience come with
Sprecher 12:  You in this experience
Sprecher 5:  If they're in there.  With the sound, the sound is surrounding there. How much  They also feel part.
Sprecher 1:  Of this, how much the audience would be engaged.
Sprecher 5:  Whether they would.  If they could really feel part of the experience.  Think what was nice about how was the privacy, but then I was wondering I.  Was also would be nice that other people.
Sprecher 12:  Would see this.
Sprecher 5:  See this interaction.  And I I I think that it might have the potential being sound to bring people closer into the experience of touch.  Like from the outside, like viewers.  To push into the interaction like.
Sprecher 1:  What I can tell you from the performance is yes, was quite the case, you know, because we had, as I said, these two scenarios.  So the second one was the two persons with eyes closed in that case and only moving their arms.  And and the audience was generally quite engaged, of course was not a full long session. Usually was 5 minutes, first one 5 minutes, second one and then next person. Next person was meant another sound. So there was a bit of variety.  I mean, I never really measure and ask everyone of the audience, but as a general feeling, let's say that I saw quite a few times it was engaging so.  Well, right, so it's, it's for sure a way to externalising what you're feeling, even though I have no idea what you're actually feeling here.  And yeah, then you can go to your next questions.   Whether you can imagine maybe we'd be setting of today to use the system as part of your work practice.  Workshop with your participants.  Would that be for you? For example for?  Now, authentic movement workshops such as setting interesting?
Sprecher 5:  I think I'm more interested in like using in one to one work.  You know, like it.  Could be used.  For a one to one body work experience, I'd like to explore at that level and maybe also in performance, but I don't.  Yeah, I don't know. I feel a lot of hesitance around it.  At the.  Moment around, like the limitations of it and like the inhabitants of actually a feeling of.  Strong connexion.  People. So I think it needs practise of working with it in a way that I think would be.  Satisfactory to me.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 5:  My practise from my level of perception.
Sprecher 1:  That's that's exactly what I was asking. So but and you think you it is mainly mostly about.  Practice. Use it or.
Sprecher 5:  It's not something that like necessarily easy to integrate, you know, like I don't know how to set up the software.  You know it's not and I'm.  I don't think so.  Yeah, I yeah.  A few barriers for me.
Sprecher 1:  This question is particularly now is more specific to the setting of today, because I think you both answered me already the other time. So that does with something new to the today's setting. So it's the reason.
Sprecher 2:  I was thinking something because it's quite intimate, can be quite intimidating to face another person.  And the purposes, but in the end that's just so not saying that I was thinking like, wow, like, if you do this this thing with people who don't know each other, they haven't. That's each other people or even with people who have really, really difficult.  As for relationship with touch.  I think in this very, very, very carefully filled setting, which is very, very safe.  I can imagine that for some people they could benefit from something like this because because the.  Because the sound is reason why they are touching and touching itself you know. So there I felt like, yeah, I'm sure like some like movement therapist could really use this kind of if you have really like if you can if you know.  How to to to use it? Yeah. To create really safe space for people, but I felt like, yeah, wow. Like, it's like Nice to do the cross and the fear. But it's already like for me.  Even another person, it could feel like intimidating to do something like this, you know, go in the private space and be like.
Sprecher 1:  That, but that would.
Sprecher 11:  Be like with a new person or a person you.  Don't know very well.  But what and what would be the opposite case with someone you know very well, your partner or very good friend or dancer, you know?  Very well, for example.
Sprecher 2:  This of course depends what's your relation to that person. Like if your partner it depends a lot like if you which kind of issues you.
Sprecher 8:  Of course, partner can also be not.
Sprecher 2:  I mean, if you want to use. Yeah, like I like if if if you wanna use this more for to communication.  If you have problems with communication and for example, if you have problems with intimacy.  You can find a way to use this kind of exercise. I don't know how, but I can imagine that you can.  About the consent, you know.
Sprecher 1:  But, but you cannot imagine you're now independent from how theoretically it can be used and how your specific experience and work.  You cannot imagine a specific way to use it that was more my question.
Sprecher 9:  It's just like it's it's so.
Sprecher 2:  Like complicated because I'm working with music and like musicians, and it's much easier, you know, because like, you can like, communicate and be like hey, like.  How about this?  How about that?  That is like, it's like systematically making sounds, you know.  I don't know I.  I don't know.  How I would use it  I told you already last time some some options how I could use it so it I don't mean like there is no way just thinking like. Yes, in I don't know. It's really difficult to because I see this kind of like therapeutic possibilities. It is work, but it's not something that I would be able to do because.  I'm not skilled in this, you know? Yeah.
Sprecher 1:  No, no, but that's, I mean that's the same other times. You don't have to.  Answer Yes to please me so it's total fine saying I don't have.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm not. 
Sprecher 1:  To use it in my practise and you still see positives for other contexts but not for yourself.
Sprecher 2:  Anything like instant compensation, you know?  It's like.  I don't think it would work in.  That kind of practise, you know?
Sprecher 9:  I don't think it would.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, even though that now, I mean, I should.  Not do that as.  A moderator.  Of the interview.
Sprecher 2:  To say.
Sprecher 1:  Just talking is anymore in a friendly.
Sprecher 14:  Way I mean.  I I mean, I could imagine for that purpose, more like OK then.  We need a three word. Let's say you know you work on a sound. So you want a specific sound for a certain setting.  And then you use the system with that surplus. So now we have some three made sound that comes from the performance of years ago even and that's it.  And we are suddenly using them.  Out of the.  Box you know.  So for that could make sense instead to say no, I need this and this in this scenography.  You just it. It makes it still makes sense, but at least you know you can choose the sound.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah. Maybe. Like, yeah, like maybe the system could be adjusted for that kind of work.  I'm just thinking like, because we talk really all this setting now, but it was today, you know? Yeah.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah. Yeah. No, of course.  now the light question, what would you like to change if you could change anything.  Any new new ideas in that direction?  It could be now that we just talked about.
Sprecher 14:  It could be.  Also, what kind of other sound for example?  Or how the sound react?  So that's what you will.  Change, but you can also speculate on something that.  It's even impossible.  To do it, it's really now not. It's open to imagination.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, I think they like.  The the This is actually like.  I like the idea of there being.  Unpredictability, so that was actually a sound engineer.  Is live responsive to like the touch.  You know if.  I just want to use it in performance. In my position I would consider that format.  Of like of having.  And somebody that's modulating the sounds live.  Remember what we say.  Yeah, Bluetooth differently so.  Having more predictability would be another avenue I might try, like having more predictability of like what  The sounds gonna do because you know it's still.  Kind of maybe.  Still, some unknown, but just paying up.  You can.
Sprecher 1:  And also answer you for, I mean we we didn't really do it but would not be a big change to have.  So first we are planning to have the interface. So what they control on the computer to have like on a.
Sprecher 9:  Right.
Sprecher 1:  Smartphone. So I could imagine you're using with there there are.  2 two people using it and you're there facilitating the work and you have the interface there. You can select the sound and could be also an extra setting where you say, OK, I want the touch to be always the same. So repetitive pling, pling, pling is always the same pling. So you have this predictability.  Or you can change the setting and say no unpredictable sound within that sound environment. Of course not anything possible, so could be something that helps to have something like that to have some this.  Kind of option.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah. I mean, I think.  I don't like want like, no, like, unpredictability completely.  I don't want.  That I want like unpredictability. But that's actually mentally responsive to the interaction that's happening between people. So that's why I say a sound engineer or sound producer live in space.  With us so that it's, yeah, it's corresponding, it's not just random.  Predictability might also be something that's useful if it's used in a therapeutic setting.
Sprecher 1:  Think that.  We need the idea to have that.  Like these two settings.  You know that you can control how much predictable should it be, because even now when it's random, he's never fully random.  So first he follows that sound environment and second he follows the kind of skills. So if you use it for a while and you touch a lot, you will start to hear the pattern. So there is a certain pattern somehow changing. So it's not only a sequence, but.  In the end, we are talking about maybe maximum 10 notes, so they're not so many so.  But but again, I think it would be bad for that purpose would be to some setting of predictability, maybe 0 predictability.   Medium that changes.  A bit and change a lot that could be.  Probably you have to also be predictability, especially if you use it for for long time you get bored, you know? Let's get that. I mean it's like.
Sprecher 8:  You understand?
Sprecher 1:  So that was a bit the motivation behind, but I understand the frustration.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah. I just think that, you know, like, you know, if you're doing some kind of therapeutic setting with somebody and like it's actually like the first time that they're having a nice experience with touch or something that they feel supported by, don't really want like some like high pitch.  So actually like the consistency. And and that's.
Sprecher 2:  Most of.
Sprecher 1:  When did I leave anything else in this direction?
Sprecher 2:  Now, how much? Yeah, yeah, probably. Depends how you use it. And then, like, so probably according that.  I would still want.  That it does, that's what I do.  Still like that, it will do that. It does what I do.  And if I if I bring my arm here like send it.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, that's. I mean that's a bit freaky with the system because the whole thing is that.  Your whole body becomes an antenna, so bringing only your arm here reduce the signal a little bit.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah. So I would.
Sprecher 1:  And it's it's.  It's tricky because.  It's both a disadvantage. If you look at it like this, but at the same time is an advantage and a disadvantage, meaning that your whole body is is.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah, but that's why it was.  Like the IT would work even if.  We would not create this kind of setting like today. 01:18:45 Sprecher 2 Because I would.  Not lose my whole body if I like last time since space and now I was trying to create a distance, you know that I like create more distance with sound. But then it was not possible so well.
Sprecher 1:  OK.  OK, OK.
Sprecher 2:  I think that was like specifically just today then maybe that I think.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah. No, no, no. I understand the the problem and is The thing is, you know, especially if you're sitting, you have your knee very close. So even if you do like this, you feel like.  Very last question because it relates to what the development of the wireless version that we are doing.  So it's not fully ready yet, but it works pretty decently.  What could be a problem, especially for what I saw you using the system. Is that now it's not a bracelet anymore, it's.  something you put on your shoes. It's on both shoes. And the reason is because it does touch the floor. So the system basically the sensor doesn't work.  If there is no, is not connected to the floor, somehow this connection between these two antennas let's.  Say it works.  Thanks to the floor. Crazy thing. I don't know what's exactly why, but anyway it's like this so.  But first, the way you use it especially as dancers.  if you raise your feet up in the air  Screw up the the signal anyway, So what do?
Sprecher 14:  You think would?  That how much that would be.  Of a problem in the.  Thinking of how we use it, there are few times so in the whole room.  And thinking of today. So I guess that the other.  Times you probably.  The fent went everywhere, today probably the feet.  Were mostly on the floor, but not.  Also always had remember that scene with you and Kira and Kira with her feet around your head, for example.  So what do you think? How much would be that of a limitation problematic for you to say? Maybe I prefer the cable one. Then in that case.
Sprecher 2:  It's in both feet.  Feet or only in one foot?
Sprecher 1:  No, at least one. At least one has to be on the floor.  So that that was also that's something that they are also working on to balance and seems to work pretty decent.  So that's also something not trivial, but at least raising only one foot, The system still work decently, but if you raise both.  Of them then the  Signal is cut.
Sprecher 9:  Work also things by.
Sprecher 5:  I mean, you know that it's not. It's not. If you want to use it in, like, dance or performance, it's not really very good.  It's very it's. Yeah. But if you want to use it in therapy, then I don't think it's a problem. Depends.
Sprecher 1:  What you wanna use it? Yep, Yep.  And do you think for for for dance? Would you rather than have the cable version in that case?  Because cable.
Sprecher 5:  No, I wouldn't use it with the cable version either. I wouldn't. I wouldn't use it, no.
Sprecher 1:  When you use it at all, because it's too much, both the cable and this both sitting there.
Sprecher 5:  No, we're making like a novel format making like a one off formal. So you know a series of forms that might use it, but it's not like something that's.
Sprecher 9:  This is.
Sprecher 5:  Useful I think for dance I think it's.  Like giving me.  Much for my dancing body.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah. I mean, of course I think it's general when you use the system, it's always a constrain of the work specific work you're doing. So I also don't imagine it as.  A tool for.  I was only.  Now speculating, I just wanted to to hear from your side that.  Whether the wireless  Version with this limitation is is really an improvement to the cable.  Version or not, you know.
Sprecher 2:  I think anyways like this is something one needs to try out like it's it's not so easy to say how it.  Would work and and and.  How not? Because it might have also a lot of predictability in life to [unclear]  and and also.  Well, if you're dance.  Vertical. You must probably have one foot on the floor anyways, unless you jump, but you cannot jump very long. You cannot stay in the air very long.  It's nice to have a cut once out, you know, like we don't know. Like it can be aesthetically very nice thing to to have those cuts when somebody.
Sprecher 3:  Exactly so that.
Sprecher 2:  Looks for that, you know? Yeah.
Sprecher 1:  The beautiful I was thinking more. You know, the contact.  Craziness. You know when you can start, interact and your.  Feet goes everywhere.
Sprecher 2:  I think especially in the contact improvisation.
Sprecher 1:  Well, I mean, I was thinking.  Of what I saw the the last two times that you used the system, so there was of course a lot of contact.
Sprecher 2:  It it the system is that when two parties are together, there has to be sound.  Then it doesn't work because it's one person needs another person. So it depends what you want, but definitely.  If this is the aim, then it wouldn't work.
Sprecher 1:  No, no, I know. No, that's why I saw it and.
Sprecher 2:  Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the question is like, do you want to?
Sprecher 1:  I was like.  Let's see what they they seem so contact. Probably not. Or not. That's not the priority.
Sprecher 2:  Work this system with you.  Know. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So maybe.
Sprecher 1:  OK.  Thank you.
Sprecher 9:  Thank you. I hope that you've had some.