Sprecher 1:  And food.  So there are two important things that I somehow.  Especially one of them totally missed last time.  So one is.  About the so I'm how I'm going to use the the data you're providing me.  So the data is considered sensitive, meaning I mean, I only said that there was going to be recorded and keep kept sensitive with sensitive means.  I'm going. It's only me going to access this information and my PhD supervisor.  Dimni the interviews will be transcribed but there will be no names on it. They will be on speaker, one speaker two and so on, so there is no possibility to.  Say who said what and.  Part of this information with this used as a quote in probably in a paper.
Sprecher 2:  That I will.
Sprecher 1:  Publish related to this research and possibly also part of a research project. But yeah, whether in a format of a paper or other kind of.  Of research publishing and also in that case there will be no names, so there will be only.  The speak speaker and number and some quotes of what you said. So if you're.  And yeah, it's important for me to know that you're OK with that. And in case they are not OK.  For example, Mario already mentioned that it was something that he said last night that she would like to maybe remove or correct this time.  You're very welcome to do it, so whether you tell me no please that part, it's whether it's not true or I.  Change my mind.  And you can correct it in the next interviews or also later on. You can also write me and say, well, that's
Sprecher 3:  Actually I can't find it.
Sprecher 1:  OK, thank you.
Sprecher 4:  I also checked.
Sprecher 2:  Right?
Sprecher 1:  Thank you was fine for you.  That is perfect, so final steps.  And the the other aspect that was a bit underlying in all my questions, but I found it.  Especially after the way we shared information at the at the end today I. I mean, this is considering our focused interviews, but it actually overlaps with another method that comes from phenomenology, so that's a bit actually what you what you rather lead actually.  I ask you to do meaning talking first person about a specific moment, so I really try to reenact that experience.  Uhm, so actually the I didn't want to overload you with this research information that are not directly relevant to the question I'm posing, but I think it's also it does affect. Also the way you answer.  And so you're very welcome when you answer the question or or or better say when we discuss the quest you know together also to.  Take really specific moment you experience today.  And reenact them, so go really not only going deep and in detail, but also try to experience them again in a present sense and with a.  So I.  Uh, I smelled this. I heard this. I felt this so you're very welcome to do that.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, I'm feeling.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, I'm feeling exactly I'm on the I'm on the floor I'm hearing this sound and so on so this way of.
Sprecher 5:  Bear experts we're doing with.  It every week.
Sprecher 1:  Exactly, so that's why.
Sprecher 5:  Here we are.
Sprecher 1:  That's why I'm trying to get to motivate you to do it and use the adults as material for discussions or.  Yeah, I think this is the fault.
Sprecher 5:  So like throughout.  All the questions.  We invited to.  Do that, yes it is.  Now now it's a space floor. 00:04:14 We just
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, I mean I think.  You maybe not so consciously and maybe not so much you. There was also something like that last time.  But yeah, I I. I felt like underlining more this time because last time there was not such a reflection at the end of the session that you probably always do.  Otherwise, yeah, so.  So you you can even repeat what you said before if you if it's thicker fingers, but.
Sprecher 4:  I can also share that recording with you if you.
Sprecher 1:  Want yeah that I want to ask you anyway exactly that that that is.  A good idea.
Sprecher 2:  OK, so.
Sprecher 1:  Opinion I'm just gonna.
Sprecher 4:  Acknowledge, but I'm a little bit impatient and I'm I'm.  Gonna try my.  Best to like, stay clear and focused and but I might just for a bit.  Just to claim.  Com why? 00:05:07 I'm pretty patient.
Sprecher 1:  Yes, so basically I have the same question as last time. That's how this focus group interview works and.  And this because, as you already notice, I mean you experience something differently, even though it's the same system. Same sounds the same people.  And so the first question is what? What did you particularly liked or disliked today on the session? It still works just like one or two things list.  Image aspect
Sprecher 4:  I really liked watching.  And the group.  I'm like.  Somehow, even when I wasn't.  In touch with the Sentire system.  Like there were some moments.  Well, like I was contemplating like.  With it like in another duet interaction, and their group was like.  Moving together and I really liked and watched that those interactions.  Watching what was happening between people and and then kind of being engulfed by it being taken in or becoming part of life.  this… What do you call it conductors?  Like conductor system.
Sprecher 1:  So, and we've involved you mean involved, but still only as a watcher. Or you mean because you started to?
Sprecher 4:  I always felt involved. I think that's what I enjoyed about it. That I felt involved.  Even when I.  Was not in it.  You know, and I felt I enjoyed like the relaxation aspects, more so in the beginning. I think I had just there was then they got a bit overwhelmed, but.  Yeah, I've been relaxed by the sound. 00:07:27 Is it?  While I was moving with other people. Yeah.  But I was interested by what was happening.  In in like groups that.  Came together and then also like.  Even when I wasn’t part of those.  I enjoyed that.
Sprecher 3:  I was today.  So loudly.  Enjoying the ensemble work.  Right and those happened last time.  And like the compositional aspect, and. 00:08:17 Right?  And especially the person who didn‘t  wear the bracelet  And how I could still interact with the sound that was for me today.  The most enjoyable.
Sprecher 1:  hm hm.
Sprecher 4:  It feels like that relates to what I said, like in in. In my experience, this kind of composition and witnessing that I enjoyed that as well.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, I enjoyed it.  Having a understanding in the room of the system.  So what is actually happening in the Sentire system, that, uh?  It it helped a lot.  to get some clarity.  Then then there's some confusion still stay.  And from there.  I'm playing with the yeah, the group dynamic of basically having one end and the other end the person with Sentire.  And in between you have the people dancing, so they are free and as long as they touch fully touch.  A Sentire and the other B Sentire.  They can move quite freely and still have the.  Have that sensation and creating like a circle and a bigger.  Delicate composition.  Use these words of  Yeah, moving bodies which become one system.  Like feeling the simplicity of.  The system that it is, it's just. It's just a circuit, nothing else. And then we can all create a circuit by giving a circle and if one person let's go, it affects the whole room the whole sound.  So another person, let's go, and it doesn't change anything because the circuit is still closed. That created a lot of fine moments.  For me or I'm like using the hand where Sentire is and.  Actually, it doesn't matter if it's like there's nothing special about the hand that has the breast...bracelet.  All of your body is as relevant.  By creating a funny.  Observable moments in me like this.
Sprecher 4:  It's very difficult, so sorry to interrupt you, but like just to add to what you're saying like I think that was something that in these competitions I really enjoyed like observing them.  Like the unpredictability and being in of of whether whether there would be a reaction or.  Not in the sound.
Sprecher 5:  I was done anyway.
Sprecher 1:  So, I’d Go to next question unless you want to say you cannot say something you particularly dislike.  Was like to disliked otherwise, like we can go to next question.  So so next will be the.
Sprecher 2:  Just thinking.
Sprecher 1:  Was the sound comfortable or not? So there was a specific moment where the sound was comfortable.  Or particularly uncomfortable, and in both cases can you tell me why? Why was it so comfortable? Why was it uncomfortable?  About the sound. So whether it was comfortable or not.  So some specific moment there was maybe  In that case also, why?
Sprecher 2:  Why was it like that? 
Sprecher 3:  I didn’t find this sounds comfortable.  I felt that the first sound, it was very harmonic.  I didn't personally like the sound which was the sound of touch like suddenly.  This key, keyboard sound  And then after, when you stayed in touch.  It went to cello and that was very beautiful like I found that sound very very beautiful and.  I felt like wow.  This found actually the what it creates.  In me is that it  I want to stay in contact.  Like in physical conduct, because the sound then I was like yeah wow like actually it's very important like which kind of sound you choose if you want.  To really work with.  With the touch.  Because then we are. We are actually touching through sound and not so much touching through sensation.  Of feeling because this I already last time discovered like for me it doesn't work in that way, It's very auditive.  And then.  And this keyboard sound I would.  Not personally key, I will change it and I would like totally go into very very harmonic harmonic sound.  In this case.  But also I was thinking of very compositional this time.  so it depends also what you want. Of course, what's your focus and which sound you choose.  And an I...  the first sound was for me, very beautiful, like the sort of sound I personally like. The second was not like so much my type, but I actually found it more interesting.  Because it was unpredictable.  And it was.  Yeah, because the sound was not.  Because it was different keys, like different notes and different quality of of sound. So it was.  Yeah, so the 1st.  Sound you knew already was coming when you thought?  And the second you didn't know. So in a way it was more. It was like as a compositional tool. It was definitely more interesting.  But the first sound I've.  I felt like, wow, actually because I was because I'm a bit busy myself with.
Sprecher 2:  These things will happen. 00:15:39 Yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 3:  How the uh, like another body is comforting another body like like concept a consolation. And then I've had like, yeah actually wow, it would be so beautiful to to to to combine it with the sound because you're not uh, more closely like the more the sound can also be like more comfort.  You you know and then you can really go into this physical touch and then you have, like, really, really, really comforting sound.
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, and we should do this
Sprecher 2:  yeah.
Sprecher 4:  Try and set the system up in.  This way I.  Think that would be really interesting.
Sprecher 1:  That's definitely possible.
Sprecher 5:  Like during the jam.  I didn't.  It it didn't judge this sound at all. It wasn't that permanent.  When you were explaining the system, the sound was really annoying.  And I think the the.  Yeah, the strong sound and then the explaining. So being in the head a lot and then having a sound that takes a lot of ear space, I'd say.  That was so interesting. Think it's too much for for the system like I know people that wouldn't be able to hear you over that sound.
Sprecher 2:  That means.
Sprecher 5:  It doesn't, it. It's it's two things at once.
Sprecher 1:  And wasn't there because of the volume or the sound quality to this high frequency? That is a big concern.
Sprecher 5:  I think that the higher the volume and the you explaining stuff so being in the brain versus being in my ears and my skin and my bones.  Like when when Jenny dancing there's not so much focus in the thinking, especially the heat, like which part of my sensory system is is being penetrated?  And what am I using it for?  And then it was.  Much more easy to hear the sound and have it and.  And yeah, the kind of silence is really relevant. Like we had the soothing first and I don't even remember what the second one. They don't we don't have.  The distinction between the two. Now I I don't remember distinguishing them. I know we we talked about changing it into.  Yeah, and then.  It was working from these two.  Maybe you can name them  So it's relevant.  So for your research that you know which.  Which sounds we're talking about.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, that I I have. You know in memory.
Sprecher 2:  Have it.
Sprecher 1:  Yes yes yes yes yes. I definitely know because we use only two so.
Sprecher 4:  Can you reiterate the question, please, please?
Sprecher 1:  So whether the sound was comfortable or not so.  So in it was maybe particularly moment where it was.  Comfortable or not comfortable and why 00:19:05 I did.
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, I think there was a moment or phases where it was very comfortable and it was really relaxing me.  And then there was.  There was not really apart from you doing demonstration in time when.  It was really uncomfortable. It wasn't uncomfortable.  During the the JAM session.  And yet, like I still had this experience of feeling overwhelmed by it, I think.  There's not by it specifically, but just feeling generally overwhelmed that I really.  Noted when I.  Went when the sound stopped or is over stimulated like that's.  Kind of a.  A bit in a in a buzzy place.  I notice I still have.  It a bit now a little bit.  A little bit buzzy, a little bit buzzy.
Sprecher 1:  Why did you call it as such? 00:20:12 Buffy yeah.
Sprecher 4:  Which is a different different kind of.  Mode of.  Being that I’m used to.
Sprecher 5:  OK. [food comes, sound ] 
Sprecher 1:  And recently you mentioned in the beginning it was a.  Moments where you felt very comfortable. can you tell me which which moment was that where you felt comfortable?
Sprecher 4:  I think I was dancing with.  Kira and I wasn't actually in this in like in the bracelet.
Sprecher 1:  OK.
Sprecher 4:  I was just like outside of it, so it was probably the.  The presence of sound from behind me or and around me.  And still kind of explore it. Yeah, still being in touch and.
Sprecher 1:  Thank you.
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, and then like a.  Sort of relaxing, comforting.  Like invitation also to.  To pass move in.  That's what I felt from from the sound.
Sprecher 1:  OK thanks.  I mean, of course in this case we last time we used one to one interaction in this case.  There was a lot of.  Group interaction.  so, hm, But can you still say  Maybe even mention one or maximum two situation where then.  Was the interaction easy to understand? Meaning, OK now I'm using the system I'm interacting with it or.  Or sometimes you were thinking to use and.  You could not see a connection between I'm moving and I'm hearing a sound. Of course. For example, what you just described you were out of it, so you you knew that there was some some going on, but it was independent from you.
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, it didn't matter.
Sprecher 1:  Exactly, so that's so this is more relevant to a situation where you had some expectation, let's say of interacting, and whether you could your expectations were met.  Or maybe not.  met so.  And you could still understand. So how much was?  So the the general question is how the interaction is easy to understand.  But yeah, now the context changes a.  Bit because there.  Is the group interaction, so that's why I'm adding a bit more expectation. For example, I'm touching him as a bracelet, so I expect to.   Had a sound response with her because.  She has the bracelet  I mean my expectation are met or not so.
Sprecher 3:  I think this time was much easier to understand because we understood or I understood. 00:24:20 Sprecher 3 More how it works  Of course, there's.  Still, moments that that I'm expecting this sound, I touch the person expecting the sound with her custom sound because now I know.  And it doesn't come. Or sometimes it comes, and it's very surprising. And it's like, OK, like you don't understand why it came.  This happens.  Like very technically, but.  Otherwise for me, but. 00:24:50 Like I I would.  Understand already much more like what it's capable.  To do, and that's not.  What I can do?
Sprecher 1:  And this because of the explanation at the beginning.
Sprecher 3:  Because we get already one time we try it out and then then the plus the explanation. But I already like you already explained last time so somehow.
Sprecher 1:  I know.
Sprecher 3:  Like after it was more clear.
Sprecher 5:  That felt much clearer.  And yeah, I lowered my expectations as well.
Sprecher 1:  In comparison with last time you mean.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, yeah, yeah, like what, what? What way does the system be capable of? Like how sensitive?  Is it and?  So that way it was.  Much, much easier to be OK there.  Was something happened  And I know that not every tiny movement I will do will change the sound like it will change [unclear] the room and it will change.  Even the conduction. And yet there's always a.  Certain the threshold and uh.  There's only so much I can do, and letting go of it and.  Experiencing it more than trying to control it.  That made it easier to not feel like.  So it's not reacting to me anyway. 'cause the.  Other person is always moving as well and.  Other people in between, or somebody is letting go and someone else is touching so.  It it it is easier to feel clear. I know I'm not I I can't control everything.
Sprecher 4:  What was the question again?
Sprecher 1:  I basically want to know how much you could.  Follow the you have agency over and over the sound so how much you can. You could understand that while you were using the system whether you were wearing a bracelet or you were in contact with someone who was wearing a bracelet.
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, I think with the.  Having it, you know, for the second time.  And the group format of like the Jam.  I let go of like.  Being able to control.  It or be the centre of it.  Either because you know there's a big group and like everybody needs an opportunity to explore it and we maybe explore it in many different ways. So I kind of didn't.  I didn't.  I let myself be outside of it.  And I enjoyed the unpredictability in that.  Uh, of a rather kind of observing where where.  Where it wouldn't come in and not and like within the group.  Within the group or not  And I also like felt myself like at the very end, after Jenny had this moment with the swinging of the sound on her own like.  I had I took the sound piece. I had one sound on my wrist and I had the other sound at the other end of the wire in my hand and like I became.  Like this to have the whole system you know myself.  And and I I felt like the destroyer, you know, like I kind of have like destroyed the actual whole point of it here. And so I think as kind of like holding the limitations of it and then.  Yeah, I don't know.  I didn't, I didn't really know what to do with it like with that point we kind of exhausted the possibilities of it.
Sprecher 1:  So in that moment now when you add both cables. 00:29:47 And then.  OK.
Sprecher 4:  It's like I.  Just took the game away or something. 
Sprecher 5:  destroyed the sandcastle.  No no.  OK.
Sprecher 4:  So there's no agency in that situation  Because the game is ruined, so you have to play the game as guest.  As well, I'm.  I'm pointing towards that you have.  To play the game.
Sprecher 5:  At one point.  I saw you.  Or standing there nothing.  Nobody is playing with me. 00:30:53 Yeah, no you.
Sprecher 4:  Said something as well.
Sprecher 3:  I said I cannot play alone. 00:31:01 Right?
Sprecher 1:  Do you think the?  The way you use the system, did  it help to perceive your body?  better or not,  again if you have one.  Or two examples.
Sprecher 4:  I I think I'm coming from such a.  Right part of I think my struggle with this is that I'm coming from such a particular world that what it means to feel my body and what is kind of.  I give privilege to.  Is like being able to sense, perhaps like.  The shifts in.  my organs or like where my weight is and.  Subtle sensations and Sentire it does not.  Help me to do that.  It it.  Brings out my senses to like a bit like Jenny was referencing to like it opens another form of sensing.  That I'm not so accustomed to, and maybe This is why I kind of.  Struggle with it a little bit.  I'd say from my intuitive and my perspective as a dancer, somatic practitioner, that no, but.  It opens something else in a different way of perceiving and sensing that.  Perhaps I could accustomed myself to, you know, I could become much.  More embracing of.  If I'm able.  To leave behind this other this other way.
Sprecher 1:  I think I understand what you mean, and I think also what come came up not only from your side.  From the last interview.  And just just to give you a very short context of it so.  So on one hand I totally understand what you mean and so that it would be actually the opposite of what I'm hoping with this question.  The basic concept is.  You know, for most people coming closer to someone.  You're not so much aware of it. You know you usually don't play much consciously about that apart. Apart there is another more dangerous situation, or you're.  With your beloved person, you know in some specific situation, then maybe you. You do pay conscious attention of and getting closer to someone.  But otherwise we.  Do it all the time and you don't really play with that.  You are a specific case. You know this group because I mean your dance work, your semantic work.  Is actually about that so.  So the basic idea for most people was to would be to have sound to make something.  To say hey look  Here you're getting close to someone.
Sprecher 3:  For your message.  Or like for you what's happening in your party. And of course like this like already last time last time we shared so many times like yeah it doesn't really like bring you more like the awareness or like interceptive awareness or.  That it's even.  Like that's maybe it makes you a little bit.  You away from there?  Of course it has the potential to bring you awareness of  The body in space, the body in relation to other parties, so like proprioception and and like totally it has that kind of possibility.  But also.  This is again the question. It will be work.
Sprecher 1:  And can I ask why say possibility is because of?  How we use the system? Or because of a sound or.  Or it's more about the context because that's why you said also depends.  With who you work so.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, because example, if you work with me I just I just become very compositional. You know, like my compositional mind is starting to be very active and I start to think how can I compose with this system.  Composition is of course partly in space and how to use space for sure, but.  But like specifically, I feel like this is not exactly what you are looking for.
Sprecher 1:  I mean it it is.  It is one possible direction because. 00:36:04 I mean.  It is also I mean, body perception is very broad. I'm relating here to proper  proprioception and usually leave this word out because.  I don't want to extra explain it, but as you mentioned it so it would be about that you know how much it can help you with that too. To perceive your body from inside.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, yeah.  But let's say that some it depends what what's your history and how much you've been working with composition, but we all.  Still have like a different awareness. So in this sense I say possibility because it means like also between your work.  If this tool is like helping you, you know.  If we think.  That this tool has some kind of influence like help.  For you to to.  Raise the awareness of.  Of perception body in space.  Let's say I don't need it.  But I can see the potential.
Sprecher 1:  For some people to to use it.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah yeah, and for me as.  A interesting tool to discover how I would like compose videos.
Sprecher 1:  I think.
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, I think if I can just add like something over.
Sprecher 1:  Any time?
Sprecher 4:  Up to that.  Yeah, if we really kind of separate these words proprioception and interoception, which is a little bit more what I was talking about.  Then yeah, like it really does give that. And I mean when I talk about what I was enjoying, like witnessing these compositions and the unpredictability of reactions in that is like, yes, it does bring a wider awareness too.  Or just give some awareness to.  Where body is placed in space. Absolutely.  And maybe that's also where it.  Kind of gives some.  Of like contact improvisation as a dance form really just sit on the edge of like the experiencing the dance on a semantic level and the.  The sensory experience of touch in the connexion, which is often just considered like at before they get the the centre of CI. But then.  If you're going to perform contact improvisation.
Sprecher 2:  Right?
Sprecher 4:  It can be a bit boring to.  Watch so actually like this awareness of of.  The the outer space or where I am in space or where.  Like the the audience is even.  In relation to me and how there  Was a part of the experience  could be harnessed and enhanced by.  Working with Sentire.
Sprecher 1:  Did you? Is there anything from today's session and maybe?  You noted a specific situation and whether you experienced you observed where there was this potential or it was going into this direction.
Sprecher 4:  I think just the nature of the way.  That people were playing.  More like.  A bit more out, you know a bit more on this, like a space between bodies.  Was heightened like into in the awareness of the dancers that I watched and myself like in those interactions and I thought that was more interesting when I sat out and sat and watched like I remember a moment sitting and watching where there was a I don't know who it was but there was a dancer in the middle.  Of like 2 bodies, perhaps on one side and one body on the other side and they start to kind of move their arms out.  And like touched the bodies.  Like that one, I decided to them and sound.  came.  du du [imitating the pulsing sound] and that was kind of cute. [laughing]
Sprecher 1:  No, I'm I'm fine.
Sprecher 3:  Are you sure you want to share it?
Sprecher 5:  But then it is standard.  Yeah, once once contact is established established it's more distracting. I feel once you you.  We need a yeah.  With fear around it getting how close.  That's kind of.  Like the instrument that we could play.  And then in that sense it created a.  An external awareness of.  The space how close it is.  And on the other perspective.  It's yeah it it it.  It takes away the actual feeling of how close can I be to someone 'cause there's the way I I, I know it in my body it's there's the sensation of the nervous system telling me either I'm I'm agitated or you're agitated.  For your calm and that way I I know I can. The distance is appropriate or not.  And the sound is.  That way, like a crutch to to to synthesise that sensation.  And you added, uh, yeah, once I.  Get it I. I don't need it.  So there it could be a tool to.  If we get more of a feeling for it.  And then like, wait, well, just the music stopped and we had it off. I still imagine like this and coming closer to some of them [imitating the sound of getting closer]  Or even just making a sound myself. It didn't do it yet it.  Could be a way to play with it to use the system.  And then we all become the Sentire. So when someone something is close, I do the sound.  This would be kind of funny and once I touch.
Sprecher 1:  So there was a bit of this feeling.
Sprecher 5:  And after afterwards, yes.
Sprecher 1:  When we stopped using Sentire
Sprecher 5:  yes  Afterwards I was I was coming closer to someone, but I'm coming closer to.
Sprecher 1:  To person and I.
Sprecher 5:  I kind of feel out how. How would it sound being that close now  And that way, using my own feeling of this is a good distance. Or is it a like do I want to be closer? Like is this a drawing in  Sound or is it puhing me away?  And once I get closer, it's yeah it gets louder and it's like and it could be a.  [imitating different sounds for proximity]  Like having two or three sounds that I I can like choose. I can like switch on my bracelet like like I I want you away or I want to close that would actually be really nice to have  like I can switch and in that way the other person  A person like I know you yes.  No, I want you close but I want you close and I.  Wanted to say.  It, which is kind of what the body language does in a way like.
Sprecher 3:  [in a quiet voice] very therapeutic [everyone laugh] Yeah, that's something like I don't know if this makes me so much. Even like compose intentionally with space. 00:43:57 which I could do.  Without the system.  It makes me more composed with sound.  Like I'm very aware of sound and and like how I would like the sound to be actually so in this sense it can even throw a bit the attention away of the spacing.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah no, I understand yeah.  And then in the next question is closely related to the previous one, but now.  What about your partner? The person you interacted with?  Did Sentire help you to perceive the partner in some way.  Of course in this case.  There were many, many partners, but  I can relate to the effect on the sound.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, actually it's very interesting, sorry I.
Sprecher 2:  I think that just.
Sprecher 3:  Came to immediately to my mind that when I dance with someone, of course I'm like very sensitive and and also like.  Figuring out.  Maybe this kind of needs my partner has like when there is something that may be a.  She's like like what she's proposing also into dance like, which kind of quality this kind of [unclear: party thrown?]. Which kind of dynamics how long this dance will  will go on when she maybe she wants to go away? Maybe not. Do I want to go away? Maybe not. And in this case I.  Was not like.  So focus on that. But I was definitely.  Focused when I was.  Getting closer to my partner and I was more considering if this sound is inspiring [unclear] if my partner, yeah like like if this is it too much the sound is it to like like maybe like I'm touching so much now my part like there is a lot of this perception sound  And it can be also very disturbing you know, or maybe not. And and like I was really, really reading my partner through sound in this case.
Sprecher 1:  Trying to understand the reaction of your partner.
Sprecher 3:  yeah, Like which kind of sound we are creating together.  And what's like  Good for us and what we want and and.  Rather than like which kind of touch we want to have [laughing]  Together it was not my my focus.  Hey, I'm going to get a coffee.
Sprecher 1:  I would like an espresso.
Sprecher 4:  Maybe join another couple.  Yeah, maybe I have it.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, you sure you didn't get like even more.
Sprecher 4:  Like here like I'm really like this.
Sprecher 5:  Orange juice
Sprecher 3:  Orange juice  Orange juice espresso Americano Victoria milk or cow milk.
Sprecher 4:  I'm just loving one.
Sprecher 3:  Black yeah yeah.
Sprecher 2:  It is.
Sprecher 4:  Can you just reiterate the question again?  I'm sorry but I I mean I it's it's busy state.
Sprecher 1:  No, no you can ask it any time.
Sprecher 5:  Look, I forgot the.  Question is, well, no, it's your fault.
Sprecher 1:  So how much you were relat... perceiving your partner through Sentire.  Did Sentire help to perceive a partner or not.
Sprecher 4:  Not in the way that I'm used to Android, I'm used to... Yeah
Sprecher 1:  but did it give you some other kind of information and.  What did you do with that?
Sprecher 4:  I think I remember at one point like we were dancing together and Kira.
Sprecher 3:  It's not fresh from the bottle.
Sprecher 4:  And I put my finger in your ear.  But again, somehow, there's like permission to do something to like the I might not just do normally.  And I had a I mean besides those, those kind of facial touches that I explored a bit.  Also with Jenny, I remember touching her nose.  Stroking her nose.
Sprecher 3:  No, that's
Sprecher 4:  Head I. I think there wasn't any.  Touches, so maybe it was sound.  But I was thinking like.  When the sound wasn't there about.  Like the resonance of proximity with people.  Like the kind of vibrational resonance.
Sprecher 1:  So that that was the perceived resonance.  Without a personal.
Sprecher 4:  I it's sort of a bit.  Of having to imagine it.  But it's the there is, it Is there, It's definitely there.  But like I guess partly in.  This session I was kind of thinking about  And yeah, you know we're also imagining it.
Sprecher 1:  So you were imagining during the.  Session not right now, yeah.
Sprecher 4:  But I do feel it in day-to-day life, like I feel that Marie had sat next to me. Now she wasn't a minute ago.
Sprecher 1:  What about you?
Sprecher 5:  Yeah no.  You see the easy answer with the the amount of people it doesn't.
Sprecher 1:  So it didn't happen.
Sprecher 5:  It doesn't really, it doesn't help.
Sprecher 1:  So what's counter productive or?
Sprecher 5:  No, I think it's  Or not, without touching the other person it's.  That I imagine it, it could help.  The sensing, like how close in am I?  Without seeing.  So in a sense.   Yeah, yeah. 'cause before we touch.   The sound kind of help and kind of describes.  'cause yeah, which where am I at?  So I don't have a clear answer.   Yes, you can hear from my.  Three different statements.
Sprecher 1:  So we could say that there are both tendencies. So  on one hand it can also help from On the other hand it also distracts.
Sprecher 5:  And yeah.
Sprecher 1:  From perceiving the other your partner.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, having had and that such a mixed open field of research.  The way we're moving when it's more clear.  Then I can see.  The imaginary.
Sprecher 1:  You mean more clear the sound interaction or? 
Sprecher 5:  More clear.  The boundaries and what are what are we doing  The one to one scenario.  Yeah, it it actually helped.  Sensing like how close am I to you
Sprecher 1:  So the problematic part was for demo for the group usage, let's say if I understand you well.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, there's it's quite it. It gets very tricky.  Those are my orders.  And then it's yeah, it's it's more the.  The touch and weight that helps to feel.  And if I'm away, I'm not touching it.  How close am I?  Yeah yeah, but it gets very diffuse.
Sprecher 1:  And then.  And so if I understand you Rosalie, you mentioned something something else. It's more about the modality of perceiving the other person.  It's different because you're not relying only on your inner feelings, but you have this extra sound so it gives different.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, that's that's not about group or.
Sprecher 1:  One to one.
Sprecher 4:  Not about, it's not about the relationship with the person anymore.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah yeah, just to understand the better.
Sprecher 4:  It's more about just the proximity of the person.  Just just the proximity of the vibration and sound.  That the person sort of disappears. We shouldn't feel a bit.  I, I guess that's why I feel sad somehow.  Or I'm very I'm sorry this.  Wow, you are like.
Sprecher 3:  I'm it's like you really are like.
Sprecher 2:  Here we go. 00:53:17 Thank you.
Sprecher 4:  All of where we come from and all of what we carry with.  Us, it's really such a.  It's a powerful collection of experiences and stuff and. 00:53:30 Stuff, sorry.
Sprecher 1:  But I I can understand. 00:53:32 Yeah, to put it out here like it's really.
Sprecher 4:  And complex complex and it's peaceful. Every collection of cells and spiritual existence that we are like. It's alive and living and knitted together.  So yeah.
Sprecher 1:  So next next question is about Sentire and exploring your.  Body feeling orderly.  Yeah, so body perception that are connected to.  Some kind of  Feeling if you want even emotions but.  For me we can stick with the feelings level. So was there any kind of disconnection of this kind of connexion?  During the usage of Sentire  It is a quick reminder. It was like you mentioned, you feel something in the stomach or your heart opening.  While using the system, for example, that kind of thing so bodily feeling.  That is connected with.  Yeah, body perception is connected with.
Sprecher 4:  I I think my.  Longest period of working with the system today was when I was with.  Jenny in the middle.   Yeah, mostly we're not like also interrupting, but we're quite long [unclear]  And I've actually. I remember it wasn't just Jenny but like wanting to explore this thing of proximity. And when it started to sound, and I think my leg was lifted.  One left leg was lifted and the sounds stillness right.  Engage, so there's kind of tension attention.  That I wanted to keep.  And then, like.  Yeah, I didn't know whether I. 00:55:57 Maybe the problem Is dancing as well [laughing]   Like trying to keep nice movement somehow, or like some kind of aesthetic in this because it creates an aesthetic and aesthetic atmosphere that's like quite beautiful with sound and like I enjoy this and there's attention to it. And then like I'm also trying to move in a way that's graceful.   Or like still be in this and then something breaks, so it's like.  I don't, yeah, it's fine, maybe I'm.  Trying to negotiate all of that, like.
Sprecher 1:  Together with using Sentire
Sprecher 4:  Yes, in my emotion. So my feeling state in that time was.  I get it.  Experimental hesitant.  Curious desiring?
Sprecher 1:  It wasn't connected to particular body perception in the body these feelings?   None of them, not necessarily those of them.
Sprecher 4:  Not really more in my head.  Or is it more likely?  So it's in my head, it's just.  Like a bit of.  It's kind of like a feeling of will. Will I be able to keep it, to retain it  Like somehow it's like be on the on the edge like of disconnection.  Show my body in the way that I like.  But I'm still like in it, but I don't know whether it's going to be good enough, so I'm kind of in a liminal state
Sprecher 1:  with state you mean, keep interacting with Jenny?
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, I'll keep my present [unclear]  Made normal.
Sprecher 2:  That's the thing.
Sprecher 3:  Because now we are planning this question of body feelings.  and actually, I mean we have all different feelings like every.  It's emotional, it's in the.  Body, but it just depends. But yeah, like like what what? You usually focused on them. You still get focused on emotion but not so much what's happening in the body.  and, Like example, like I.  Could also say.  Like I definitely had a like.  Moments of joy.  While I was playing like I remember this one moment, I had a bracelet and also Kira and then we were coming closer to each other and then like accidentally we touched it each other and then getting.  This big sound and it was really funny because it was not meant to.  Like the touch didn't feel so strong, you know, but the sound.  Was really strong and I remember we're laughing  And there were at the moment, so so we're laughing. So definitely there was a lot of joy and and there were feelings, but not in a.  Way that I was....  Acknowledging what's happening in my body.  You know?
Sprecher 1:  I mean that was, I mean the the question now was not necessarily.  Now that you have to acknowledge.  What is happening to your body body  I mean you did aknowledge, the the body touching the other and then the joy, so that that was enough to understand whether this kind of situation...  You were aware of anyway of this situation then.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, I think it's just a question like what is the body feeling and you know when we talk about the body feeling because I think for us is something like it's a lot of sensing you know what's actually happening in the body.  Because the feelings are there all the time.
Sprecher 1:  No, of course, but.  Also, because of time I mean to to select, you know, like what you just did. You know, select a situation where you had some body feelings they were connected to a specific emotion in the context of interaction. So that's the... So there was a bit the the point of.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah no, I'm so I'm just thinking if like answering these questions when we talk like if.   We are like thinking kind of too deep about the like. Sometimes we get into this like body structure like deep deep.  We cannot answer.  Your questions because for us it's so like.
Sprecher 1:  I think he's fine, that's.  I mean yeah, I I know that.  But I left it so general on purpose you know because.  bodily, body perception can mean different things, but.
Sprecher 2:  OK.
Sprecher 1:  In the end, is about this perceiving your body from the inside, and then there are different nuances of it, so that's why one is about feeling yourself one about feeling the other. In this case about feeling.  This body feeling with and emotion.  So that's why I'm trying to.  But I know that if.
Sprecher 3:  It it it  It's reaction connexion it creates creates also like common emotions and and probably.  Body feelings
Sprecher 1:  I mean, if.  It helps can also.  Compare something when you use the system when.  You didn't use.  Like you also did before about the sounds. For example, you know that can make it maybe a bit more.  Clear you know you have this Sentire variable in and out, you know?  That can maybe.  'cause for sure you have have bodily so some feelings connected to the body also without using Sentire, that's clear.  But probably they emerge in a different way, yeah?
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, it just puts the focus on something that it may be like sometimes like.  When we are focused on one sense, then to other senses. They have access from in this moment.
Sprecher 1:  So what do you mean with that? that Sentire is taking you away?  What do you mean with that?
Sprecher 3:  But what I've been playing like from beginning. That's like I don't like I don't feel like I'm so much perceiving.  my body or what's happening because I'm so much focused on sound. This is what I mean. Suspect when one sense is very strong then.  I don't perceive other sensation 
Sprecher 4:  Yeah I think well. 01:04:00 This is bringing.  In another layer, but.  I've been reading about gating sensory gating channels.  And and yeah, I think that's something that happens in this that we.  Or we we're not perceiving so much through a certain interoceptive kind of mode of.  Of being but actually.  Yeah, this is a sense. The sound stimulates certain senses to open.  Our primary attention and we can't have all our sensory gates or panels open at.  The same.  Time I mean children have more at the same time, but.  If we we.  And it is to do with the amount of information we can handle.
Sprecher 1:  and would... from this perspective would help to have for example a lower sound.  You know, so that the sound is 'cause the reason one hand is sensory gating, But there is also,Is called multi perception.  And since really how the brain works not only in humans that when you have a multiple stimulus, you have some advantage, you're you perceive better. For example, if you're in a noisy environment.  And you hear a sound that is coupled with a visual information.  It's easier to understand.  So meaning I see a television with a image of a speaker, so a person talking and at the same time hear that voice.  In a noisy environment, it's more likely they understand better what the person is saying. If I had visual information, instead of having only the sound only the speaker saying exactly the same thing at the same volume.   So there are the two sides of it, that's why I was asking whether maybe the sound was was too loud for the interaction, that why it was taking you so much away from it because.  In the end.  What what you're doing when you use Sentire  you have the theory.  And you have a body perception.  These are the two main.  So of course you have also.  Individual aspect you're seeing that.  Person and so on, you know, but.  Those are the two big.
Sprecher 4:  I mean, I don't know.  Whether maybe having lower sounds or tones kind of does bring I mean.  You more into like different parts of the body because this does happen. You know different vibrations or different tones resonate, like with different parts of the body. Kind of research around that.  Yeah, so maybe it does support to give more ground thing. It's a very densly language to a physical experience to have.  And grounded physical experience to have lower lower tones.  I don't know, but I don't think.  I don't think it's so much the matter of.  That we've you've introduced some different sounds and.  You know they all sort of had a similar effect
Sprecher 1:  So I mean, it's not about the sound quality of some volume.
Sprecher 3:  I don't think.  In in this case.  It was about the volume it could be.  It could be really loud.  Like, no, I don't think in this case it was about the volume because I didn't find it too loud.
Sprecher 1:  Could be louder. 
Sprecher 4:  No, not today.
Sprecher 3:  But of course, the quality like it kind of sounds you play definitely influences. It has an impact in the body.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, yeah, of course.
Sprecher 3:  And this is for sure.
Sprecher 1:  Plays a role.  Yeah, that I mean if you have something about that it comes later the question later about.  How you what you wish to change so  You're very welcome to.  So we try.  To leave it for later, but please.
Sprecher 5:  We will find sound therapists that work on and stuff.
Sprecher 1:  Have ideas?
Sprecher 5:  They have interesting inputs probably.  Yeah, I don't. Have anything to add? I think everything I could find out has been said.
Sprecher 1:  OK.
Sprecher 4:  I am like completely like.  Baffled by how this like I feel a little bit like a.  A Guinea pig. 
Sprecher 1:  During during the session or now during the interview.
Sprecher 4:  Just by.  Being affected by by maybe giving some like.  You know an injection or something you don't know quite how you respond, and I'm like responding in a way that.  Yeah, I I find this, it's quite challenging.  From from my.   My normal way of being in and then yeah, I find that very interesting and I've please don't be like offended by me or my comments, but like it's I. I yeah, it's it's an interesting experience and I think it's really, yeah, interesting.  Research to bring. I'm really glad you, for listening to it.
Sprecher 1:  No, you're welcome to share any, so there was the whole point of this interview to share any thoughts you don't have.  To please me.  Just the.  Yeah, I mean these these questions are meant to be.  The reaction of a topic and then you can share really any opinion. don't be afraid about it.  So another aspect of.  Body perception, but goes a bit away so did Sentire help or didn't help.  And how in the body communication with another person and also movement communication?  We may be partially covered before, but in this case there is the aspect of communication and not so much of perception.   It might be helpful to add this before and after, so when you use Sentire, how did you communicate with your body and with your movement, and how did you do it After that can maybe help to see also different space
Sprecher 5:  One moment.  Like I am.  I see the two people having the bracelets.  And I just.  Just kind of run through them being a conductor.  Kind of went out and hearing the sound.  So being there distracted in a way and passing through and yet connecting the sound.  So it's making me yeah, playful in that sense.  And another situation is I am walking.  Kind of their time.  More tense than usual and more.  I don't want to do something wrong with this game  So my body language is more more.  Like introverted, and yet I'm trying to.  Peek out and.  See if I if I touch them. They're very pointy and.  And so it affected me a lot in that sense.  Let's see.  We almost.  Yeah, a bit afraid and like shouting myself.  And yet, like.  Piercing out.  And, uh.  Yeah, maybe feel.  a bit confused and unsafe.  It was.  Yeah, so that was situation and.  Now imagine it, yeah, having quite the impact like doing iconic jam itself. It was a big thing. And then yeah, being the Guinea pig of it.  Yeah, like create a lot of yeah, intense experience.  It it intensified the whole thing, you know and made it.  Yes, hold something new.  Having those kind of toys.
Sprecher 1:  And about safety, can you you say that you didn't feel so safe?
Sprecher 5:  Well I like.
Sprecher 1:  You can see more about that.  Well that that's it, yeah.
Sprecher 5:  So that's me trying not to do something wrong.  So it's a personal thing like some people can relate and.  Yeah, what's sound does it do the thing?  The closest thing would be not making the wrong sound, so I like what happens for my partners in the.  Whole room when I.  But I am responsible for the sound.  And people don't like it then I'm like. 01:13:32 Well, no I.  Did something wrong about getting rejected from everyone?  That's a big notion that that's the feeling.
Sprecher 1:  No, thank you.
Sprecher 4:  I think part of my.  a little bit more about my emotional feeling, state response.  It's just that.  Like in this scenario, which I really enjoyed.   For German, having space so that.  But the the level of trust that I had with myself was perhaps decreased because like in interactions with people, I mean.  Yeah, it used comes bit in response to Marios talking about how safe. Well like there's a feeling that I don't know how this person is going to respond or what.   You know what I'm going to do? Is it arbitrary or this touch, you know, is it arbitrary? As in, is it just there for the sound or like the actually the level of safety?  That I feel with somebody, and by that I mean trust.  As another deeper layer of safety is also like.  It takes quite some time to like generate the submitting.  And I think, yeah.  I don't. 01:15:11 I don't know.  I think that that happens.  More when I dance with people in a duet.   For a longer time and then when I'm done saying like the just for a short period with people, it's not so established.  And then this.  Like layer of sound like.  Took it more away.  Sorry, I'm not maybe making myself that clear.
Sprecher 1:  But I think.
Sprecher 4:  But maybe you can get a little bit work so.
Sprecher 1:  So if I understand you correctly, you're saying that.  Because of Sentire took you more time to create some safety of the interaction with another person, did I understand correct?
Sprecher 2:  Yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 1:  And was was it because a bit what was also Marius was saying was like and then what you was in a very previous question was saying so I'm touching the other person and creating a sound and you don't know whether the other person likes it or not. So that is about that.  Or is about something else?
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, a little bit about that, but yeah, a little bit about that like not getting.  The feedback that's that.  The feedback that I'm getting is more predominantly the sound and it's less less like the sensory information that I get.  In touch or I'm I'm not, I'm more in touch with the sound [unclear].  Like face expression, it's just that moment of touch, although because.  You know there's the complexity of using the rest of your body as well. I'm not always paying attention to touch, but another layer of adding to that. Was that because of the scenario that we've set up of the jam situation.  the Interactions were a bit shorter.  Often with people.
Sprecher 1:  So you mean using Sentire the interactions were shorter than would be otherwise.  This is what you meant?
Sprecher 4:  Then if we set it up in on a 1 to one relationship, yeah.  Well, that's sustains.
Sprecher 1:  OK.
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, what I hear the it's good time to tune in with.  The other dancer or person.  This is not there.  Like this we.  Didn't have the time and the sound.   So there's already this.  So this the tune, so it's more the curiosity of just touching.  Playing the instrument versus the.  Deeply touching.  Like getting the Connexions in that way, be in touch with the other person, even though you haven't touched yet.  So it's.   Yeah, which is crazy I think.   Because it's still new, but if.  You work with it on a regular basis.  It could also.  merge into each other.  And that's yeah, so the gate.  Is open for either the sound [imitates the proximity sound] and the.  And the other is the the yeah I see you I if I connect to you and that.  Way I I send it what the touch does.
Sprecher 3:  But I think also we need to be, uh, understand like what, what? What is our?  Focus for dancing like are we dancing contact improvisation. Or are we doing an ensemble improvisation?  And if if nothing, then like.  It's like apart from using the system  because if we dance contact improvisation, it's different. Of course they can. They always.   Many times in a champ situation they overlap, but still like if we dance. If you do a like a group and ensemble work, it's very often even without the system we would not engage in one person.  Yeah, so so I think it's also good to notice that.  And and.  Like example, I was I didn't have any kind of focus on contact improvisation. There was touch for sure, but I didn't try to engage with the person and have like a longer contact or trio. I didn't really share wait in that sense.  What I usually do when I dance contact   And it would be different if we would have decided beforehand, like hey, let's.   Let's go for like contact contact improvisation or.   Let's ask the question.
Sprecher 1:  So the question was about, uh, communication, so body communication and movement, communication, how Sentire affected body communication and movement communication.
Sprecher 3:  We've yeah.
Sprecher 1:  People you have interaction with.
Sprecher 3:  I think this question has been answered already quite many times, but there was like definitely the communication with distance and proximity and and this definitely fits there.  Yeah, where are we in relation to each other?  Uh, also dynamics to speed
Sprecher 1:  There's maybe one specific situation comes to your mind.  That you experience we don't.
Sprecher 3:  I can't actually call any.  In any specific situation, I kind of just remember that the whole.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, that's fine.
Sprecher 3:  And also it has an emotional effect.  So in this sense it effects how I dance and and the quality of the body and and the quality of the movement and also effects my partner's way of dancing because the sound has the emotional effect
Sprecher 1:  So it's more a response to.  The sound you know.
Sprecher 3:  I mean, it's really like.  Yeah, even just how? How is the sound sound you use and then  We most probably will.  Respond to sound in one way.  And it affects and it affects our communication.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, yeah yeah yeah no no that anyway when if the sound is not interactive, but I mean that's the whole thing. The sound has a big effect. 
Sprecher 3:  But definitely space time and.  The quality of the movement.
Sprecher 1:  OK.   And going a bit a little bit in another direction, did Sentire help you explore any personal issue.
Sprecher 4:  I think I've got shitloads of.  That going on right now.
Sprecher 5:  No, my my last chair was think about it like my last year. That's the answer to that question about me doing something wrong or not and having a.  Having the sound being yes.  Like my action will affect the whole room by the sounds. It's like farting. Everybody hears it, that's why.   It can be funny or you can be ashamed of it [unclear]
Sprecher 1:  so it challenged you?
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, I hate it. It gave me an experience of of.   Yeah, that's right.  Yeah, like I called shelling myself or like like feeling, feeling absolutely safe. So I I go into a bit agitated tense mode.  And then I'm.  I'm doing something that's going on going in it, I'm not. I'm not hiding and I'm not.  Fighting, I'm just.  Trying it out and that way.  He created an.  An interesting experience which not dust.  They will work.  Inside of me. 
Sprecher 1:  I mean, we're almost finished. We have basically.  Two more questions will usually be quick here.  So you know it's also tricky and more personal question, but yeah, it's.  Whether it works with any personal issues of yours during today, today usage. 
Sprecher 4:  You know my.  Responses there might be quite strong responses, and that's like that. That tells me that there's some you know, personal layers.  Underneath or with them they come with. 01:25:07 Them, you know.  Having a strong responses.
Sprecher 1:  With what do you mean be strong because of a sound or what do you mean with strong responses?
Sprecher 4:  Like experiencing a sense of overwhelm like that. That's something that I experience actually in my life.  And and so like feeling quite over stimulated by the sound.   And not not not knowing the kind of ground.  Way of experiencing my like body, which I do on a quite introspective level, right?  Yeah, it does bring up like patterns that I see in my.  Life like there's a there's a so.  [pause 5 secs] And I and I feel kind of a a little bit. Maybe there's a little layer of shame around having quite a strong reaction to something.  Where maybe I'd like to collaborate with it more.  Or work with it, and yet there's a a strong reaction, and I'm not.  Sure why that is.  That means that I like to give it a bit more space.  Or go away from it, or have a level of impatience with it and and so there's a. There's a I feel.   Like I'm in.  The inner process, and yet there's a wish to understand, like.  More about that that process.  Because it does, it does.  It brings it brings up this this.
Sprecher 1:  Maybe something specific you recall maybe 1-1 specific pattern or situation we experienced today.  And we can get back first and then in teams. This is up to you whether you want to share it or not. 
Sprecher 4:  Well, I think I've.  I've described 2 situations. One was like.  This was feeling.  A buzzingness that kind of gave me a sense of being a bit over stimulated. It's not a bad thing, it's just a different.  Like feeling and.  I don't think I can kind of walk.  Around with that.  All day because I need to.
Sprecher 3:  Do some other things.
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, that required me like to think well how? How do I turn out that and what do I?  How do I re orientate?  Just somewhere where I feel.  A bit more not knowing.  Knowing safe clear  And then there was.  Another moment where like I took both of the.  The things at the end of the session.  And like.  There's a feeling that I will come to.  The end and a bit of.  Extraordinary space and my.  Life took took the things.  This was a challenging moment for me.  doing here and maybe.  Taking control in a way.  And taking away the play or... 
Sprecher 1:  Why was it challenging?
Sprecher 4:  Like allow me to see something.  I guess I feel triggered by taking the control sometimes because I do that you know, and this group of facilitates in the group. So in some ways I have a little bit of responsibility into controlling and like gives.  Give productive time and contains some things, but like.  And yeah, I don't. I don't always like.  To be in that position.  So this is.
Sprecher 1:  So you you felt like taking away the chance for other people.
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, the agency like other like it's like actually thing of.  Agency comes up actually.  And also like the IT may be seen that this is like also another layer that made me understand are like the sounds and so and the layer in a way.  So the whole experience, yeah?   And it gave me also joy and then sitting back and watching with the ensemble [unclear]. 
Sprecher 1:  that more as an observer or.
Sprecher 4:  as an observer, a witness 
Sprecher 1:  So it sounds funny this.
Sprecher 3:  I yeah, I don't know I.
Sprecher 1:  There's someone.
Sprecher 3:  I don't know, I I, I think.  That's always use whatever like with sound or without sounds or without the system or not like.  In an ensemble working you know, there's always preferences and [unclear]  Like things to go another way, I mean that and you don't operate with all your choices or or collaborators.   I I don't know how to answer actually this question, like if it's really, really hard to assist them. Maybe they need something to do with the sounds you know. Like sometimes you like and sound you don't like and and there's like preference and .   Yeah, I mean I.
Sprecher 1:  Meant more if.  It I mean, of course you can have, you know that's all our lives, somehow personal issues, but there was something.  That was more present using the system and you realised like I made the last last weekend and made this example to for we had one session when a person wanted to stop using the because the touch reminding of the touch with his mom, you know? So it was not necessarily related to the sound.  Was not.  For sure he didn't touch his mum and in front of an audience was also not the setting and the context, but for some reason that we didn't explore because I didn't know.
Sprecher 3:  I think today I was quite content.
Sprecher 2:  Very simple.
Sprecher 3:  Like I did and.  Also, I was able to step out when I just wanted to watch.   Yeah, I think maybe like in one point. I felt like I would need something more like another layer like a score or something.   i was reaching some sort of boredom.  In one point and then.
Sprecher 1:  Because it was too free to randomly change.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, like I like it.  I lost my curiosity.  Let's say, like I, I was like fun.  To play and.  Then I saw OK. Now I know how it is and then I had like.  OK, maybe now it would need something from the group you know to add a score or something to make a little bit more complicated. Or I don't like some new ideas how to how to work with it.  Boredom is mild.  And if you which comes out for you.  And then I was stepping out and I was watching. I was really enjoying to watch, and just listen. And then.   Uh, I was still curious enough to step in.  At least two times.  So it's I didn't feel like I had like.  From these coming up.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, thanks, that's always yeah tricky question.  So yeah, now for closing, there's two easy one, so one is.  What would you like to change if you would be empowered to change the system independently now from the.  Technological limits, what would you like to change? Sound wise direction wise anything?
Sprecher 4:  Same thing was said last time.
Sprecher 1:  So was anything new today. 
Sprecher 4:  So like Bluetooth.
Sprecher 3:  OK, now I love wires. 01:34:38 I'd like.
Sprecher 1:  You're not the first time. This says that you're not the first one.
Sprecher 3:  I would like the system to make... it could reach into body and it could feel touch pressure 
Sprecher 4:  That's what I want.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, OK picture.  And then yeah, so somehow.  Yeah, I don't know.  How it would be if it would also react to  Movement like dynamics of movement.  I don't know how maybe it would be too messy. Maybe not that, but somehow it from the dancers perspective.  Would be more interesting.  And maybe  sound wise not  I don't know.  Then of course I would like to compose the sound. 01:35:38 I know I would.  Let you come first this time, but I would do it together.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 1:  So you like different sounds.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah yeah yeah like low too but no.
Sprecher 1:  I mean if you want.  To share a few ideas.  If you have that [unclear]
Sprecher 3:  No, no, I actually like I don't know I.  Like I like the sound, but it was just what I said in the beginning like.  Depending what we want, but now I'm thinking.  More like like if I would.  Because now I'm in this composition.  I might, so I'm thinking more like if I would compose with it then it also would be nice to really look up the thing of this out. It doesn't mean that you haven't think of it, but.  Yeah, but like the keyboard was.
Sprecher 1:  No no no.  But what do you wish for example? 01:36:29 I was thinking.
Sprecher 3:  Like maybe the cello could come in.  the sound could be a cello and then not so strong.  Like I don't know where to in the moment. When I touched by it has to be so emphasised I can understand both agree that they're kind of here like reason.  For now I'm just thinking like how it and then and then the more I would include in more layers would come with the. You know, there's like another cello and and there.
Sprecher 1:  That's fine, that's your. 01:36:50 OK.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, says I don't know.
Sprecher 1:  Excellent, that's exactly what I was asking you.
Sprecher 3:  Then there would be like amazing amazing keys. Yeah, but I'm still thinking of course, like how good with them?  We expose this thing that.  Without like, yeah, that's yeah that yeah, that's a big question.
Sprecher 1:  Without having to go away.
Sprecher 3:  Because somehow then it doesn't.  Make sense anymore to that system.
Sprecher 4:  So maybe a service touch, it's just.  Very, it's very like a fact. 01:37:32 Like the soft.  Light sound and then as you go deeper it goes more like to violin cello double bass, you know, like the depth of how it goes.
Sprecher 1:  I can as soon as we finish, I can quickly tell you a few about few ideas, but I don't wanna.
Sprecher 3:  OK.
Sprecher 1:  I'm not a participant.
Sprecher 5:  It's technically one once. Once the circuit is closed.  Yeah, yeah yeah yeah, wishing off yeah how  How much surface area is touching or different ways But it needs a totally different system I think and.
Sprecher 1:  That that's possibly extendable with.  This system actually.  Two, you mean the the more you touch?
Sprecher 5:  Yeah, once once you have touch, they'll have another layer. One thing I came up with this noise like once I touch.   There, there's, uh.  The sound changes the pitch changes and then it jumps.  To another thing.  And then I let go to have like an echo.  Of of like silence or.  Because I immediately go from very loud to jump back to maximum amplitude.  And then have like like a delay of it building up again. 'cause if I let go and touch it, it's like it's quite confusing and they're having a like a third layer of sound that first comes.  To, uh?   Like once I release the touch.  There's another another soundscape first which blends over into the normal again, and then what I would find it not too tricky actually to have it here to.  Have like a?  Yes no or like 3 settings and each one and the.  The way they're set like they're both on yes, yes, it's it's one sound. Then I can say yes no, then it's that there's not a sound then there's no, no it's the third third sound. So just having having.  On off one off there.  I have the three different kinds of sounds happening which I can like switch into that way.
Sprecher 1:  So four of each sound. We call it sound environment is also sound settings. You can also select how much of these three components. Proximity, touch, untouched.  You want to have? That's what you imagine. 
Sprecher 5:  It could be.  What I'm saying is just you, you just have a basically 1 battery thing, let's.  Play on and off.  And that that.  Way I just jump like this on off to two things. There's 3 possibilities, and each one has a different sound.   So it could be quite simple in way to do.  If you can have the buttons is connected   Be like.  Which would I think is quite easy to actually achieve, so that way the the people can choose between 3 preset layers with you as the sound linear panels change, and that way you can create a more of a game as well and create sensitivity for the.   The kind of sound that is happening.  Like playing the game like.  on is yes and off is no. And.  You actually listen to the sound.  And yeah, having a set of sounds that is.  Ambient and creates a feeling which again has to be individual like. Fortunately every sound is different for everyone, yet there's dramatic amount.  Yeah, it's sound talents and you already have that.
Sprecher 3:  OK, so like now you probably know this sound, but.    You created how it influences the movement. Like if somebody had this weeeooo [emulating a sweeping sound].  Are you see how the bodies are reacting?
Sprecher 1:  So if I imagine how.  The body is reacting with that sound.
Sprecher 3:  Did you see how the bodies were reacting? Did you actually watch and see how the bodies were moving with  Sound and like. Especially like when you create that kind of sound like.  It very different.  The response from the parties, like the movement respond, then example drony  the the the test alone, no?  And then the second set you have this weeeaoooo [emulating a sweeping sound].   And see also the bodies.  I don't know like I mean like [unclear]
Sprecher 1:  I mean when they were staying touched it was getting warm.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, like he had like we are moving the sound.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, yeah, that's both of us both ways.
Sprecher 3:  So you have also a big influence, you know.
Sprecher 1:  No, no, I know that's why I'm also asking.  About this sound.  One one last question is how do you imagine to use this system as part of your work practice?  In some ways.  If yes, how?
Sprecher 4:  I think I am right now.  Yeah, I actually I was thinking it like about.  Putting it, I mean, let's thinking more about.  more in a particular movement context and actually really.  Next week, possibly we already spoke much earlier and I about.   Having more duet set up.  And I was thinking about like the difference between the complication of US dancing. You know, like where you you were talking earlier about like  Are we trying to  contact duet or dots and or are you improvising? Are we in?  What's the those layers of intention that are there and then thinking about like just meeting another person?   And how?  How I might approach this? I forget that I would answer.
Sprecher 3:  I don't know if I would now I don't have any ideas how I would use it.  You see so much necessity.  I would definitely see how I could.  Uh, compose with it, but I see if my mind today also.  but I could imagine.
Sprecher 1:  And yeah, you mean with composing mean both composing movement and sounds, or only only sound you're talking about.  Move only movement. You're talking some more. Using probably did that programme, so that's.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, yeah, yeah, like.  Yeah yeah, yeah, exactly yeah yeah exactly yeah yeah it's.
Sprecher 5:  What we need?
Sprecher 3:  Of conversation yeah no no, not sound I'm not. I'm a bit like kidding. Also when I say that I.  Have to convert the sound. You know it's like.  I just haven't. I took the preferences, but I would.   Not do it.
Sprecher 4:  I think that you know, I think I think.
Sprecher 5:  You're the engineer. Miss the brain.
Sprecher 4:  You would be.  Composing all sorts of sharp.
Sprecher 5:  Students looking warm. 01:45:55 Right?
Sprecher 4:  He's saying.
Sprecher 1:  I mean exactly when you use such a system, you become somehow part of a composition because none. That's why I was.
Sprecher 3:  No, I don't, of course, but but still you have anyway you have.  I cannot influence the the.  The sound, but you have made in your computer.
Sprecher 2:  Little bit.
Sprecher 4:  What you were talking about before was actually.  Greatness like having certain qualities of sound. Yeah, his cello.
Sprecher 3:  Course yeah yeah for sure. Yeah yeah. 
Sprecher 4:  Having the depth.  Of touch like as a there's something you can.
Sprecher 2:  Yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 4:  What are they through and through?
Sprecher 3:  Yeah no no for her, but anyway now I was like like specifically talking about the composing party is composing, like yeah, like composes and like.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 3:  Dance movement, whatever piece? Yeah yeah, yeah.
Sprecher 1:  No, no great. It's good to specify, so there's no misunderstanding. 
Sprecher 4:  Yeah I also. I also find it.  Have an interest in that.  Have composition with it, like working with composition, working with it informative way.  In which the audience could also be part, you know, like feel that such a it's such an experience to be in the sound.  Field, I mean, of course the audience is listening of that experience but.  I'm thinking about where they would be, where all.  These would be.  Towards I feel treated. 
Sprecher 5:  In the easy answer is no. It's too technical.
Sprecher 1:  It's also fun.
Sprecher 5:  I even bought the football and the stick. That's the most technical stuff.  I would use in.  Anything else?  Maybe in future to create experiences of awareness.  It could be because that that's what it what is what it does.  Yeah, because we're talking about. 01:48:20 So send over next.  Yeah, like creating new perspective and things.
Sprecher 1:  So for an audience or participants.
Sprecher 2:  So that will be good.
Sprecher 1:  That's what you mean, but not for yourself. That's just to understand.
Sprecher 5:  If I will work with someone. 
Sprecher 1:  OK, so very last thing, is there anything?  Else that you want to share, maybe something that you already talk and you.  Thought later about.  It or something we didn't mention at all.  But in finding relevant to sharing the context of his.
Sprecher 2:  Right?
Sprecher 1:  What you experienced today?
Sprecher 4:  Yeah, maybe like I share that.  Sorry about the sound.  Which is the coin I wanted to make.  It brings up for me how we're living today in this like reality with increasing to their communications.  And like I described, having this extra layer with the sound and it being a bit like virtual reality.  And yeah.  We're living with that.  We're living with this other layer of.  The Internet.  Telecommunications which.  It's kind of.
Sprecher 2:  I have
Sprecher 4:  The way we communicate.  Yeah, I just want to acknowledge that I.  Feel some grief in that challenge, finding that.  Way the way with that.  Yeah, beats up and losing and slow away, perhaps or.  A different way. 01:50:27 And then.  And it's happening.  It's changing.
Sprecher 2:  Special services.
Sprecher 4:  This is a process. Yeah, I'll keep my present to noise.
Sprecher 2:  Right? 01:51:12 And then.
Sprecher 4:  Does nobody ask a lot?  Well, I feel.
Sprecher 3:  Over them.
Sprecher 4:  No, but not over what?  Let uh layer grief in the in the.  Change, I mean I don't mean.  Serious, that's what it brings up.  For me it triggers that.  That's one one thing that we're going through in this time.  As a CSR.
Sprecher 2:  Didn't seem with skill maybe?  Faster stream.
Sprecher 5:  Losing touch with this.  Well, whatever, yeah.  Like not having time going by bike is quite a little crazy thing for people that never.  Did anything but log.
Sprecher 3:  I think I I'm I'm I think I'm both.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, as we are at the end I think I will share.  Also, my opinion that.  I always try to hold back a part.  Of very few moments.  I mean, I see what you mean.  On one hand, on the other hand.  And even though I like technology in general, I also have my big issues with that, so I can relate to what you're saying.  The case of something like Santeria I and that's why I'm so motivated to work with that in studies.  Destroy is a little bit of virtual reality, as we've seen before, but on the other hand, I see it very different from virtual reality because you're actually interacting in the real.  World, it's just.  Giving a different quality to the to the real world, you know, because I'm still interacting with you.  We are here in the same room while Bobby we see each other. We just have this extra layer that is also what you were saying.  A bit at the beginning, it brings you another modality of connect perceiving. You know that it can be also misleading, can be exciting. Some people are triggered with some, but.
Sprecher 4:  To see.
Sprecher 1:  And I also understand your concerns, especially of you that so kind of people that are really professional in.  Working with body perception, more body movement in relationships with others so it can be probably a bit disorientating so I can understand that.  But I don't know. I still like this because it has another quality and it's away from this. Maybe what you were mentioning speed because I don't see this as.  Faster or slow, it's not a matter of faster.  Or slower here.  It is a matter of something different who and hopefully.  Offering something that is already there but giving another access, especially for people who are not.  Professional like you.  Working with this so my hope is that you know.  The normal average.  Person you know use this system and.  Gives a hint of what you actually work with most of your time during.  So that is my hope and motivation to work with this system. Well, there is actually working, I don't know.
Sprecher 4:  It gives access.  To another perception, another kind of or any particular receiving.
Sprecher 5:  Perceptions yeah, yeah.  Yeah I like it, but that that's what I.  So it's trying to communicate as well.  That it's it's an outside thing, which is an inside can be an inside thing, and that way it's it's a tool to simulate it, and yet it's not the metaverse.  It's work which will happen in 10 years you.  Know meet online and with our fake.  Never projectors and.
Sprecher 1:  Right?
Sprecher 5:  Be in a room together and yet not be any.
Sprecher 1:  Mood on the.
Sprecher 4:  I think it's.  Correct, not correct so.
Sprecher 2:  Everything is just.
Sprecher 4:  Giving something specific.  Actually, I'm not sure.
Sprecher 1:  But yeah, anyway, thank you for the interview we went through. I wanted to quickly answer you about the sounds.  I mean one idea to have more silence would be it is also maybe interesting for you, but also for you.  Because it's tricky, of course you want to use this proximity and touch and.  At the same time, yet the sound can be too much, so one option we are exploring for an art project we are trying to to use samples and more specifically spoken spoken words.  And the problem is you don't want.  To repeat the.  Same sentence you know. So you want that you really need some silence.  So what we did there is that when the proximity is not changing your silence so you not only have silence when you're far away, so you move and you hear, let's say that the.  This is the sample. Let's assume that this is the sample size.  Do this sample this sample. This sample silence.  So I'm very stupid but easy to understand so so that way you have more chances to have sinais for example.
Sprecher 3:  Yeah, I was thinking of it. That's how it would be if it would stop when the person stops like it could somehow like free from the party. That body is stillness. But then the problem is that then the sound and the the stillness comes.
Sprecher 5:  Let's see.
Sprecher 3:  Always at the same time.
Sprecher 1:  Yeah, that's tricky. That's I mean it.
Sprecher 3:  It's looking like compositionally thinking it's not so interesting, but again, it depends.
Sprecher 1:  Depends no, I find it.  Also interesting that the reason.  We we always stayed away from having because that will be not so difficult to realise, however.  You can have.