Sprecher1:   So yeah, now we start with the first question related to Sentire or what you tried out today, can you, ehm 
Sprecher1:   Briefly shared, is there something that you particularly liked or dislike of the experience today? 
Sprecher1:   I mean.  Later on the following question will go more specific and more in depth now it's just first approach to that, so maybe there's something that.  
Sprecher2:   Right now, but what's particularly liked or disliked? 
Sprecher2:   I like the ambience I liked feeling within a sound 
Sprecher3:   by double or some kind of ambient, like atmosphere
Sprecher2:   I was even when I was watching. 
Sprecher2:   Like the others moving like I felt like I was "in" something. 
Sprecher2:   So I like that. 
Sprecher2:   Focus or yeah, feeling within an atmosphere. 
Sprecher2:   It was soothing. 
Sprecher2:   And I disliked. 
Sprecher2:   Feeling like I couldn't move with the freedom that I like to dance with. 
Sprecher2:   I mean. 
Sprecher2:   Because I was. 
Sprecher2:   Getting tripped up on the wires or I felt. 
Sprecher2:   Distracted by. 
Sprecher2:   The changes in sound. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, somehow I wanted a bit more consistency in what was happening when I touched another person and to spend a bit more time like I was initially working out. What happens when I touch the other? 
Sprecher5:   Uhm, what I liked about today was.  
Sprecher5:  I like the playfulness. 
Sprecher5:   That was. 
Sprecher5:   Really nice. 
Sprecher5:   Like the curiosity what was in this space? 
Sprecher5:   And also I like this performativeness. 
Sprecher5:   Which was coming out. 
Sprecher5:   Even though it was still, it was a bit vague, but I could see the potential. 
Sprecher5:   Into like performing with this. 
Sprecher5:   System objects. 
Sprecher5:   What I dislike was. 
Sprecher5:   Somehow the continuous sound and to be so like focus on sound and also dominated by sound. 
Sprecher5:   So yeah, I was like questioning if it could more make sense to actually create sound without the system. 
Sprecher5:   Yes, that's just it. 
Sprecher5:   My experience yeah. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, what what?  
Sprecher3:   I liked was the the intensity or the yeah the space like. 
Sprecher3:   Rosalynd said that it created by being in it or watching. 
Sprecher3:   Of having the other constant. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, no kind of noise or you. 
Sprecher3:   Which happens, and in the sweet spot where it where it varies. It's it really worked to have, uh, the proximity distance. And once you're out of that area, which is, I believe, technical one, then it. 
Sprecher3:   It disappears and then it felt a bit random. 
Sprecher3:   Kinda yeah, and I imagine working with the system. 
Sprecher3:   A bit longer or like again and again, you get used to it. 
Sprecher3:   'cause it's a, it's quite a different experience. 
Sprecher3:   And since it doesn't feel natural the way what happens, the the feedback is not an immediate. Like if I hit the table, there's a knock. 
Sprecher3:   if I if I touch you it has the the nice the the effect. I really like that. 
Sprecher3:   One that. 
Sprecher3:   That there was strong switch. 
Sprecher3:   And, uh. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, then I imagine the the programming could could develop into a system that gets smarter or even using AI to create a a more natural feeling of the sound. And the yeah in the same time as I would make the same noise by myself. 
Sprecher3:   What I'm experiencing, it's a. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, it's a very outside issue. 
Sprecher3:   Feeling, which I think confused me and I guess us as a. 
Sprecher3:   As being very experienced in proximity and closeness. 
Sprecher3:   So I imagine having that when you're totally new to contact or being close to someone, or you're even afraid of it. 
Sprecher3:   The sound actually could help you. 
Sprecher3:   And to auditize,
Sprecher3:    to make it a hearable of the intensity that could be inside of you. Like inside, you're screaming, but you're not screaming. And yet the the music makes it a. 
Sprecher3:   Audible audible yeah makes it audible. 
Sprecher3:   To, to...
Sprecher3:   To help, uh, in a new way it has a yeah. 
Sprecher3:   The contact freedom. 
Sprecher3:   We have the restriction of being on a leash literally. 
Sprecher3:   Made it. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, quite a new. 
Sprecher3:   So it's maybe. yeah.
Sprecher4:   I enjoyed that. It's quite strong that that does. 
Sprecher4:   The impact of. 
Sprecher4:   Being closer to somebody as this has a has an immediate reaction, which is something that's not In between, so it's nothing. 
Sprecher4:   Nothing emotional or nothing like personal, it's just a. 
Sprecher4:   It is a sound. Maybe it's something really technical, just like the sounds coming out. 
Sprecher4:   And I and I like to look at it like something. 
Sprecher4:   technical. If I let that go that that that I'm more on this technical perception. If I let it go, then I'm really lost because it. 
Sprecher4:   It's I'm relating them to another person. If I'm relating to another person and then getting closer or I'm I'm touching out of coincidence or intended. 
Sprecher4:   And then the sound is also. 
Sprecher4:   Bringing more information, it's it's confusing me even more. 
Sprecher4:   Then again, I can play with that confusion and that's joyful. 
Sprecher4:   I also liked to be on that leash. I liked that it fell off. 
Sprecher4:   In the beginning it was. 
Sprecher4:   Like no, I broke it, so it was a little bit of ... and then. 
Sprecher4:   It had this this moment of oh it's broken and then it also felt like but I need it. I need it to be on here for that game so I need to care and then it started to feel that that we're caring for each other to have that cable. 
Sprecher4:   In the right place.  
Sprecher4:   So it became another game. 
Sprecher4:   So there's many of these. 
Sprecher4:   topics coming up. 
Sprecher4:   To be entangled into the ...  into this wire to be caring for each other. 
Sprecher4:   To not know what's happening, and then I also had the had the question what is the relation between you creating the sound or choosing the sounds as we are moving? So you just said like oh? 
Sprecher4:   We can use. 
Sprecher4:   Sound abcede could we do that? We can do the bubbly sound or the more nasty sound or the so we can immediately by just choosing. 
Sprecher4:   Switching from one to another, we can just really create this atmosphere. 
Sprecher4:   But we creating it, it's not that I'm in relation with you, and that is something I was asking how to be also in relation with you. 
Sprecher1:   Maybe I could. 
Sprecher1:   Like I'm I'm happy to answer this question, but maybe at the. 
Sprecher1:   End so I don't. 
Sprecher1:   Break the flow so we mark down. 
Sprecher1:   The question for later, if it's ok.
Sprecher3:   Second, I mean I'm. 
Sprecher1:   Happy to answer questions if they're really related to the topic itself. Otherwise I prefer to postpone it so. 
Sprecher1:   Now leaving the interactive system aside for for one moment for one question. 
Sprecher1:   Did you experience
Sprecher1:   Any sound that was comfortable or uncomfortable. 
Sprecher1:   And I mentioned there might be many situations, if you can mention maybe 1 or 2 for each of you that were. 
Sprecher1:   Went a bit in this direction, was particularly comfortable or Uncomfortable not now, just talking about the sound of. 
Sprecher1:   Forgetting for one moment the interactive aspect of it. 
Sprecher5:   So if we talk like purely about the sound which I like and which I don't like and not about the situation, if the Sound was confusing in the situation or not, yeah? 
Sprecher1:   Exactly, yeah, yeah, in this case exactly is really strictly about the sound. all the other questions that it's always a mixture. They always meant to get a sound and interactive. In this case was really... so it can be also something you did not experience. 
Sprecher1:   directly, you were only a spectator in this case in this case. 
Sprecher5:   I quite like a sound, but in one point you have this really high bit sound, hiiiiiii
Sprecher5:   It reminds me of the ear hearing tests. 
Sprecher5:   when you go to this box and then they give you headphones. 
Sprecher5:   And this is something which like really irritates me. But otherwise, like I. 
Sprecher5:   I can't, I don't know what to say. I did like the sound. 
Sprecher4:   I can also. 
Sprecher4:   I I can also say I I did like the sounds so there is. There's more like this that I missed. 
Sprecher4:   One that I missed. Some silence in between. So the continuity of sounds. 
Sprecher2:   I guess more specific about like I was quite. 
Sprecher2:   You too darling. 
Sprecher2:   It's Jenny and Christina. You were moving together and then. 
Sprecher2:   The bubbly sound, that you called the underwater sound it's and I I like the sound but I found it quite complicated. It it brought complexity. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, bubble. 
Sprecher2:   Going you know also invited that complexity 
Sprecher2:   I think into the dansers  
Sprecher2:   The interactions that I saw. 
Sprecher2:   Or take place with that sound. 
Sprecher2:   And I think my preferred sound was the the deeper sounds that were more continuous. 
Sprecher2:   And I and I actually wanted. 
Sprecher2:   Like the sound when it when it kind of. 
Sprecher2:   Goes into another very clear like uhhhhhh [she simulate how the sound sounded] 
Sprecher2:   When the touch actually takes place and then. 
Sprecher2:   There's a very different distinct tonal shift. 
Sprecher2:   I wanted to explore that in a more continuous. 
Sprecher2:   Like that that had more continuity. 
Sprecher2:   And and maybe went deeper in its kind of sound vibe or like yeah. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, yeah, I enjoyed the sounds while I was in. 
Sprecher3:   It when it was gone, I was really happy that. 
Sprecher3:   It was gone. 
Sprecher3:   So it was quite, uh. 
Sprecher3:   I don't know how long. 
Sprecher3:   We were. 
Sprecher3:   In there. 
Sprecher3:   It was a very dense time. 
Sprecher3:   Time and sound space. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, the steady, steady shifting sounds were pleasurable. 
Sprecher3:   And the other bubbly water. 
Sprecher3:   Like the soothing effects. 
Sprecher3:   The bubbly sound gave a lot of. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, it's quite powerful. What kind of sounds that
Sprecher3:   Get used in the system. 
Sprecher3:   And I think the variant is very individual. What kind of what experience do I connect with this sound and does it get stressful. Or does it relax me plus the intention and what is happening for the individual.
Sprecher1:   So in the yeah now more the actually the more essential questions so. 
Sprecher1:   So first is. 
Sprecher1:   Do you think that in general Sentire helped you to perceive your body so there's a better perception of your body? 
Sprecher1:   And whether yes or no, if you have maybe some specific moments you want to. 
Sprecher1:   Describe about that. 
Sprecher5:   For me it was like definitely more something about my relation to another body or to another person. 
Sprecher5:   Rather than my relation to my. 
Sprecher5:   own body because I I, for me it didn't connect me to like. 
Sprecher5:   Dynamics in my body, different tones is what I have in my body. Different qualities what I have like it doesn't give feedback for that. 
Sprecher5:   So like my focus was more. 
Sprecher5:   Then like outward and our like how we were like composing the situation together. 
Sprecher5:   Yeah, at the time for me it was like quite far from the movement, research or body research, but I. 
Sprecher5:   I was thinking that I could see the potential with people example, maybe I don't know. I don't wanna talk from the other people perspective, but maybe like visually impaired people. Maybe there could be something I don't know. 
Sprecher5:   Or the people who. 
Sprecher5:   The bodies who has. 
Sprecher5:   Have difficulties. 
Sprecher5:   To move just basically move. 
Sprecher5:   Maybe there could be something that it could help. I don't know. I cannot talk from, of course. 
Sprecher5:   From other 
Sprecher5:   Well, but like yeah. 
Sprecher1:   I mean, the relationship with others, perception of the other. 
Sprecher1:   That's one of the following question. 
Sprecher5:   Also, probably just to add that. 
Sprecher5:   Maybe because now we did it first time.
Sprecher5:   we were very curious to find out what is the system. 
Sprecher5:   But it may be if we. 
Sprecher5:   Would give much more time. 
Sprecher5:   It would change. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, that's the reason we are also. 
Sprecher1:   Repeating these two more times. 
Sprecher2:   I can say that. 
Sprecher2:   yes and no, like, in this space. 
Sprecher2:   In between, as I approached another. 
Sprecher2:   Or somebody approaches me? 
Sprecher2:   From another direction. 
Sprecher2:   I am kind of more aware of. 
Sprecher2:   I I think I'm a bit more aware of their relationship or my body. it is hard to say. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, somebody else a bit more aware of that my body, I think there, but it's. 
Sprecher2:   It's not giving me information like following on from what Maria said about. 
Sprecher2:   subtle sensations within my body that I might be experiencing like the balance of weight or...
Sprecher2:   Or where my respiration is in my body. How I experience that it's not. 
Sprecher2:   Giving me these kind. 
Sprecher2:   Of this subtle feedback. 
Sprecher2:   Is actually reduced because I feel I'm a bit more out. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, and I'm I'm out actually on the level of like composition where. 
Sprecher2:   My body is. 
Sprecher2:   In space and relationships with other, so I think that's why I say yes or no. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I'm I'm aware of that for the composing distance. 
Sprecher2:   What that is there was an incidental touch with like my first partner and like, AH, that kind of incidental.  
Sprecher2:   Brushing of the arm. 
Sprecher2:   Or like that, eh,
Sprecher2:   Then I'm aware of where I am in space. 
Sprecher3:   A bit more.
Sprecher2:   Because it makes sound
Sprecher3:   Yeah, being the first time using it. 
Sprecher3:   It get took me. 
Sprecher3:   Of my. 
Sprecher3:   Body bit into the brain. 
Sprecher3:   I see what's happening, why I think what What kind of skin to skin touch is happening? Conductivity a lot of like the engineering aspects of it. 
Sprecher3:   Well, it had to be the settled first until I could. 
Sprecher3:   Play with it. 
Sprecher3:   Still, it's a. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, it took me away from my. 
Sprecher3:   For my subtle. 
Sprecher3:   Feeling and from like the connection of. 
Sprecher3:   Me to the gravity to my. 
Sprecher3:   Like subtle sensations to the other person. 
Sprecher3:   And the. 
Sprecher3:   Yet yeah, I imagine afterwards it can. 
Sprecher3:   It can create a. 
Sprecher3:   Uh, more subtlety. Like with that kind of the distraction, it was like a practise of. 
Sprecher3:   I get distracted more now. 
Sprecher3:   So when it's not there. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, like when this annoying sound is gone. I can finally feel myself and hear myself think again and sense myself better. 
Sprecher3:   Than with it. 
Sprecher1:   So just so you meant you could feel your body better afterwards, you meant afterward after, so when Sentire was off, right?  
Sprecher1:   When it was when it was off. 
Sprecher3:   So in a sense that it's it does interact. 
Sprecher3:   It creates something. 
Sprecher3:   And yeah, it it it. 
Sprecher3:   It forces me to adjust. 
Sprecher3:   And then I imagine using using the. 
Sprecher3:   The sound as a reference, for later when there's the sounds not there. I can still hear it too. 
Sprecher3:   To to recreate the proximity to another body. 
Sprecher3:   Yes so. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, is that clear. 
Sprecher3:   Well, like I said. 
Sprecher3:   I said in the round and I'm. 
Sprecher3:   Repeating it for the recording. 
Sprecher3:   Like a practise environment which for me made it harder today. 
Sprecher3:   And it could be for someone else, totally different. 
Sprecher3:   Especially if you're not used to being close to somebody. 
Sprecher3:   Or you're like pretty scared that's being in contact. 
Sprecher3:   And that way the sound helps you to to vocalise that a sensation that could be inside of you. 
Sprecher3:   So you don't have to scream at someone, but the. 
Sprecher3:   The system says, well, this is uaaaa[vocalize the proximity sound]. This is really close and this is actually touching. 
Sprecher3:   Maybe it shifts when they, the the quality of sound really is important. 
Sprecher3:   Like it could also. 
Sprecher3:   Be before like a really like a gong. 
Sprecher3:   It's soothing. 
Sprecher3:   Vibration because the touch comes that can even turn into or something. Just yeah, it shouldn't be scary. 
Sprecher3:   Unless you really want to emphasise that. 
Sprecher3:   Or if it should, it could. 
Sprecher3:   Be a healing or sense healing experience. 
Sprecher3:   It could also be from. 
Sprecher3:   The very very scary sound to once you touch. 
Sprecher3:   It turns into a soothing sounds, so you get that sensation by touch someone. It's it. It can actually be nice and not scary to reprogram the fear into a soothing experience. 
Sprecher3:   Right, if you have been traumatised by touch. 
Sprecher3:   Away I could see. 
Sprecher4:   Hi I lost the question. 
Sprecher1:   You think that Sentire helped you or did not help you to perceive your body. 
Sprecher1:   Anyway whether one case or the other, If you have maybe some specific. 
Sprecher1:   Example, experience. 
Sprecher4:   I remember that I've been there with another person. 
Sprecher4:   And then I. 
Sprecher4:   Touched the other person. 
Sprecher4:   To provoke sounds, so my intention is not to sense the other person. It's more like I touch to to them. 
Sprecher4:   Discover the sound afterwards. So so I'm I'm not really I'm. I also felt that I'm crossing. 
Sprecher4:   Borders that I would like be more in the face or be more a little bit nasty to create some sounds be a little bit more playful or a little little bit more clownish, which I can also be without Sentire, but but it was inviting. 
Sprecher4:   And that for me it did not. It did not help me to be sensed more my body because I went more into how. 
Sprecher4:   Use it, use use. 
Sprecher4:   Our movement as an instrument and as I did not get how it's working really. 
Sprecher4:   And and we were improvising. 
Sprecher4:   And we were improvising. 
Sprecher4:   It's created. 
Sprecher4:   Add a layer on top of my. 
Sprecher4:   Of my physical experience. 
Sprecher4:   Which I'm more focused on when I'm or my somatic inner experience, which I'm more. 
Sprecher4:   Focused on without the sound 
Sprecher4:   With the sound I shifted to another layer and I. 
Sprecher4:   Experience that layer.
Sprecher5:   Can I add something also? 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, sure, I I even want to remind.  
Sprecher1:   You you can. 
Sprecher1:   Every time while after someone said something. 
Sprecher1:   you can always jump in. 
Sprecher5:   Also, the setting where two people are in the middle and they are. 
Sprecher5:   Dancing or doing whatever and and there's people watching it always changes something. 
Sprecher5:   So this is also like it's also abstract, which is very little space like how we were setting the practitioners. 
Sprecher5:   And it would probably be very different if we would have done it. Like if you would have enough wires and we could do it at the same time. Example and such one couple. 
Sprecher5:   Everybody is doing it the same time, so this is also in fact. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, creates these performance. 
Sprecher1:   vs audience. 
Sprecher5:   Even without this sound or system, it always creates a little bit performative. 
Sprecher1:   So next question is exactly about the other person so. 
Sprecher1:   Did you experience that Sentire helped you or didn't help you to perceive your partner? 
Sprecher2:   Kind of want to say, not really. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I'm responding a little bit to user Jenny hier, also. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I want to respond because. 
Sprecher2:   I really saw a moment. 
Sprecher2:   Or an interaction where we were like touching their face and I know I did that. 
Sprecher2:   Too, so it really like. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, like touching the body like it's fabulous. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I don't.  not really because it it didn't bring me this depth of connection that I I know through practising contact improvisation or also from some of the work that we've been doing prior to this, the. 
Sprecher2:   The actual connection or the. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, it feels very different. 
Sprecher2:   To this where maybe it's also like it's been said already, that it's working out the ambiguity of how it technically works. 
Sprecher2:   And that's distracting us all or practically. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I think. 
Sprecher2:   There's a layer. 
Sprecher2:   I think of not knowing what's going on. 
Sprecher2:   And this layer of sound. 
Sprecher2:   That I find. 
Sprecher2:   Playful and fun. 
Sprecher2:   And yet 
Sprecher2:   It's a layer on top of. 
Sprecher4:   Yeah, I also had this. 
Sprecher4:   Situation that I'm when I was when. 
Sprecher4:   I was dancing. 
Sprecher4:   Or moving with Christina. 
Sprecher4:   That I didn't want to stop, there was this. 
Sprecher4:   Only took so long, it's actually it's not finished our conversation. 
Sprecher4:   We're having there. 
Sprecher1:   So you didn't want to stop.  
Sprecher4:   I didn't want to stop, but I have this kind of OK. We end in this frame and we're just trying out on kind of this round Robin situation. 
Sprecher4:   And we've been in here now a couple of minutes and so I don't. 
Sprecher4:   Want to stay... 
Sprecher4:   Inside and take all that space. 
Sprecher4:   But actually I would. 
Sprecher4:   Like to have longer. 
Sprecher4:   I would have loved if it would. 
Sprecher4:   Just like have been a jam, I would have stayed. 
Sprecher4:   Much longer have to experience and to play. 
Sprecher4:   And I guess there's also a joy in not not knowing what's happening there. There's also this like I touched you, I touched you, touching stronger, but it's not having any effect. 
Sprecher4:   So it's like. 
Sprecher4:   So it's. 
Sprecher4:   Bringing up some some. 
Sprecher4:   some emotions. 
Sprecher1:   to understand well, is related to this confusion. Between, I usually perceive. 
Sprecher1:   Interacting with other person and how the system were responding correct? So that's what you meant. 
Sprecher4:   Yeah, yeah. 
Sprecher2:   This word that. 
Sprecher2:   Is neutralising. 
Sprecher2:   In touch or neutralising the relationship 
Sprecher2:   a little bit, what?!!
Sprecher5:   I think it's in fact it created the connection to another person, it just there's so many ways to connect, and it it's like I was thinking like, yeah, if I. 
Sprecher5:   Go to a. 
Sprecher5:   Party and I dance with a person like and we dance for the same music. So there is something which actually like we both. 
Sprecher5:   Like which is like uniting somehow us, which is like like this music. 
Sprecher5:   There is the there is the connection. 
Sprecher5:   Truth is. 
Sprecher5:   This sound and what we are trying to to to find out to get the figure out together, achieve whatever. But we are somehow in the same place. 
Sprecher5:   But of course, the challenge is that we are all movers and we are all contact improvisors and and we have like. 
Sprecher5:   But we are very, very experiencedabout touch and
Sprecher5:   Relating with that other people also. 
Sprecher5:   Yeah, so that's why it says. I think like. 
Sprecher5:   Maybe there was expectations for something else and then like, yeah, now we're suspended. 
Sprecher5:   We need to somehow, somehow, yeah, like. 
Sprecher5:   re-think of
Sprecher5:   The connection you know and that was but but like for me there was a connection was just different. 
Sprecher3:   'cause with the system. 
Sprecher3:   You both become. 
Sprecher3:   dance, well, we're still at the dance and the performance. 
Sprecher3:   In the setting we were in. 
Sprecher3:   And you become the instrument and the musician. 
Sprecher3:   So once I. 
Sprecher3:   Like the intriguing part was I'm I'm playing you. 
Sprecher3:   Like an instrument
Sprecher3:   Have the same. 
Sprecher3:   The other way around, so there's this. 
Sprecher3:   And just to poke your nose, which could even be a. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, the the sensitivity or the the the threshold of. 
Sprecher3:   Touching becomes a playful and a bit lighter. 
Sprecher3:   Lighter, lighter, it was it was. 
Sprecher3:   Easier to. 
Sprecher3:   We will get you to. 
Sprecher3:   Step over boundaries in a sense. 
Sprecher3:   Which can also be a. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, it gets so. 
Sprecher3:   Intriguing to do something because of the sound. 
Sprecher3:   And then it gets lost like what actually happens to the body that I. 
Sprecher3:   Touch to the person. 
Sprecher3:   Like is that? Is it OK for the the other one would be touched there or? 
Sprecher3:   Like touching skin is different than touching the fabric. 
Sprecher1:   So you find.  00:45:49 Sprecher22: That they just quickly resumed, just to be sure I understood. 
Sprecher1:   Correctly so you mean. 
Sprecher1:   It allowed you to. 
Sprecher1:   touch the person in a way that otherwise would not touch, so to go a bit it. 
Sprecher1:   Over certain social boundaries, is this what you mean? 
Sprecher3:   That's the idea I have behind it. 
Sprecher3:   And it then it has two sides to it, like I could overstep boundaries more easily. 
Sprecher3:   Well, I I had the impulse to like pull up the shirt to touch the back skin. The skin on the back which is. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, something you do it you don't just do
Sprecher3:   and we had like I saw somebody doing and. 
Sprecher3:   And and and at the same time I, I felt that the person I was doing it to. 
Sprecher3:   Not responding positively to it and yet having having the sound and it it creates a like a wanting so it yeah it can create a it can help to to get over. 
Sprecher3:   Extreme fears of getting close. 
Sprecher3:   And it can. Yeah, make it too. 
Sprecher3:   too rushing rushing the connection so it's. 
Sprecher3:   But they definitely had an impact on how I relate to the other person. Yep. 
Sprecher3:   Like, especially the playfulness. 
Sprecher1:   if we have something more to add. I would go otherwise to next question. 
Sprecher1:   And then somehow talk only or some of you mentioned something this direction, but now more specifically, did it and did Sentire helps you to explore bodily feeling and bodily perceptions. 
Sprecher1:   in German it is Körpergefühle 
Sprecher1:   so bodily that are attached to an emotion. 
Sprecher4:   I think through the through this sound system. 
Sprecher4:   There is this
Sprecher4:   Atmosphere of we are creating the sound together coming up we we are creating something in in the in the space that is audible and so the distance is doing something or how close close we are and how we touch and where we touch so. 
Sprecher4:   It's this, it's this thing that's coming up and and so this is. 
Sprecher4:   Clear frame to explore. 
Sprecher4:   This is. 
Sprecher4:   This is something special in the context of. 
Sprecher4:   Contact improvisation so it could be like. I mean, we could set a score like that playing with distance and [unclear] like yeah this is quite quite strongly was when I when you had a special sound on this bubbly sound and it never stopped. 
Sprecher4:   We've been like really far away but never stopped. 
Sprecher4:   So and this created for me, some really. I started to feel really tight and. 
Sprecher4:   And also it it also created some nervosity or maybe nervousness. 
Sprecher4:   Really unpleasant, really. Like I don't want to be in this. 
Sprecher4:   Situations stuck here and she came closer and closer and. 
Sprecher4:   Closer and I was. 
Sprecher4:   Like OK and she might have. 
Sprecher4:   Fun and I'm like wow, this is really. 
Sprecher4:   ehm, stressing for me for my system from that moment. 
Sprecher4:   So that was. 
Sprecher4:   my reaction was very emotional, she does. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, but was mostly just just maybe a quick. 
Sprecher1:   in that case, it was actually a mistake on my side or in the system. You should have got, when you were far away enough here 
Sprecher3:   Second, yeah. 
Sprecher1:   it should have got to silence and that specific case was actually a mistake, but anyway, that's thank you for your answer. That's why I was asking so something that direction, something that triggers
Sprecher1:   Body feeling bodily emotion. 
Sprecher5:   No, no, I'm just because for me it's a bit. It's not. It's not so clear 
Sprecher5:   It it says. 
Sprecher5:   There is all the time, emotions and. 
Sprecher5:   Like you know. 
Sprecher5:   What will we do without like then like it's like? 
Sprecher5:   Very very very. 
Sprecher5:   Very specifically, something. 
Sprecher5:   That this system has evoked in your body. 
Sprecher1:   No, no, of course of. 
Sprecher1:   Course that that. That's clear, but. 
Sprecher5:   I mean like there was a lot of joy. There was also like a lot of fun and and then yes, also frustration. 
Sprecher5:   Because the because this is them, but I'm like just trying to like how to get to the point that you really wanna. 
Sprecher4:   You know that first is. 
Sprecher1:   I find it actually good that you mentioned. 
Sprecher1:   You know that there is this variety. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, you know. So that's what I also imagine and we are complex human beings and on the other hand, yet just for time and. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, maybe select maybe one specific situation where. 
Sprecher1:   For example, like what she
Sprecher1:   Told you know where you experience something that does get worth telling. 
Sprecher5:   Yeah, because I just somehow realised. 
Sprecher5:   While I was doing it that I was touching test. 
Sprecher5:   Because the sound, but not because the feeling. 
Sprecher3:   So you were more. 
Sprecher1:   About exploring the sound that was your motivation behind we need. 
Sprecher5:   Yeah, like totally, rather than feeling. 
Sprecher5:   And that's and this was somehow linked. It was linked to what he said in like at the end that somehow this system helps people to touch or go like maybe closer to each other. 
Sprecher5:   And then I was thinking like yeah, because your motivation is different. You know it's not about the field. 
Sprecher5:   And of course, it might be easier. 
Sprecher5:   Just yeah. 
Sprecher5:   But maybe this stuff can be my answer. 
Sprecher1:   Do I have something this direction is the situation.  
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I I always have emotions so. 
Sprecher2:   It's hard to want to say. 
Sprecher2:   I I feel like I acted. 
Sprecher2:   That question earlier by saying that it doesn't enhance my perception as. 
Sprecher2:   In feelings in my like more subtle awareness of. 
Sprecher2:   But this is. 
Sprecher2:   Like with the breath or the. 
Sprecher2:   Reference made to wait but I think. 
Sprecher2:   With emotions specifically. 
Sprecher1:   emotion in body. So it's like I don't know some people when they are angry they in their stomach tight so it's have stuff in this direction. 
Sprecher1:   You know, so some situation. If there was something like really wasn't, and that's it. So this was something that was connecting this body. 
Sprecher1:   Body perception with some kind of emotion. 
Sprecher2:   there was the reactivity like to... 
Sprecher2:   To what sound was or not doing
Sprecher2:   So I found myself a little bit reactive and in that, like I feel more emotion because I'm kind of going. 
Sprecher2:   Up and down in things, in my state. 
Sprecher2:   And they felt quite strong emotions of again had. 
Sprecher2:   A first movement with some money and. 
Sprecher2:   There was a lot of closeness. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, and that yeah that brought some emotion, affection and. 
Sprecher2:   Sharpness or different feeling tones to it. 
Sprecher2:   So yeah. 
Sprecher1:   Did you have some reports in this direction? 
Sprecher3:   mmm, at one point. 
Sprecher3:   It was when we were dancing with three and four people. 
Sprecher3:   So it's. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, most of the time I didn't have a a full like a uh feeling connected to a bodily sensation directly and yet my say my brain being a bodily sensation or create sensing it. The moment more people. 
Sprecher3:   Touching and the circuit closed. It's like it's it helped me to feel a connectedness. 
Sprecher3:   So let's say. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, my whole system like a. 
Sprecher3:   As we're closing a circuit. 
Sprecher3:   Energetic, wise as well, like like just literally the electricity, the conductivity and. 
Sprecher3:   Connecting that to the image of. 
Sprecher3:   They are being connected by touch and even not touch that the proximity change is something I'd call that yeah, that. 
Sprecher3:   Opening opening the. 
Sprecher3:   Hard to know. 
Sprecher3:   When I touch here and there, or like we're holding hands in a circle. 
Sprecher3:   That it actually it would change if somebody with two people were wearing a bracelet. So this. 
Sprecher3:   It's like a very simple logical measurable tool
Sprecher3:   Which made my brain go. 
Sprecher3:   OK, hard you you can be connected more. 
Sprecher1:   Thank you. 
Sprecher3:   And at that moment I I felt like a joy about that, huh? 
Sprecher3:   And if I. 
Sprecher3:   Touch you, it's gonna it's gonna make a.  
Sprecher3:  Bing I know or I I hope. 
Sprecher3:   It will make the Bing. 
Sprecher3:   So yeah, that was jump the heart. 
Sprecher3:   Would be the bodily sensation. 
Sprecher1:   Thank you and. 
Sprecher1:   Do you think Sentire helps you to explore your body
Sprecher1:   communication and movement communication. 
Sprecher1:   some body communications and movement communication 
Sprecher2:   I just want to acknowledge that those things are we're we're doing quite quite a lot as as this particular group like. 
Sprecher2:   So yeah, it's relative to a dancers perspective. 
Sprecher1:   That's true. 
Sprecher1:   Or maybe put it differently so. 
Sprecher1:   Do you have something specific to report that surprise you negatively or positively about communicating with your body. Communicating the movement between each other. 
Sprecher4:   I think the joy of creating something together that's. 
Sprecher4:   that is something that I can say that it's also inspiring my movements and the sensation of mine. 
Sprecher4:   Of the touch and the physicality. 
Sprecher4:   That we are then. 
Sprecher4:   And creating together. 
Sprecher4:   So yeah, there's a joy about that. It's audible even, even though like I cannot really grasp what's going on. 
Sprecher4:   And also in that yeah, that was nice that you reminded us to this big group  problem. So in the group moment I I was also I was. 
Sprecher4:   Really drawn in, it's like, oh, this is. 
Sprecher4:   So nice now. Now it's like these. 
Sprecher4:   Two bracelets but. 
Sprecher4:   People can bridge. 
Sprecher4:   And I really also liked to. 
Sprecher4:   To have these two groups and then two groups come together, because people bridge 
Sprecher1:   I mean, that was the direction a bit of the question. So the body communication or movement communication, making studies on those kind of things. So that's a specific. We're communicating with movement that was influenced by that setting. 
Sprecher4:   Yes, it's just this. 
Sprecher4:   Yes, yes it was. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah yeah yeah, yeah, so that's that. 
Sprecher1:   Was what I meant here with body communication. So we want to not like doing like this this test. 
Sprecher1:   In this case I'm doing because of the conversations. 
Sprecher1:   You're also not forced to answer so. 
Sprecher5:   Little time to. 
Sprecher5:   Think about.  
Sprecher1:   I just didn't want to. 
Sprecher1:   feel obliged to answer if you don't feel like or you don't have anything to say 
Sprecher5:   For me. 
Sprecher5:   Like in terms of,
Sprecher5:   thinking that we already have. 
Sprecher5:   Communication and we have experience already together and we have. 
Sprecher5:   Very strong patterns. 
Sprecher5:   So in this sense, I can see that it. 
Sprecher5:   Can bring something. 
Sprecher5:   There as  communication which was not maybe experienced before with that. 
Sprecher5:   So with that certain partner
Sprecher5:   Like I had that. 
Sprecher5:   experience there. 
Sprecher1:   So there's maybe. 
Sprecher1:   Something specific moment you want to report? 
Sprecher5:   It's not I, I'm like I don't think it's uh, there is like any one specific moment. But there was something like that that we changed a bit something I guess. 
Sprecher5:   Maybe usually our communication is much more like. 
Sprecher5:   I don't know softer or. 
Sprecher5:   Like we go so much into listening to another body and now with 'cause there was like some other qualities and way how we were communicating so. 
Sprecher5:   And next time, probably it's.  
Sprecher5:   Different, but for sure I can see that it can happen with this. 
Sprecher5:   So that it can work as a breaking some patterns. I think you were talking already. 
Sprecher5:   There in the studio. 
Sprecher4:   Yeah yeah, yeah. 
Sprecher2:   I think yeah. 
Sprecher2:   I think so. Something of that too and. 
Sprecher2:   Bringing me out. 
Sprecher2:   to, Yeah, explore the responses for. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, on the other side of my skin, I mean kind of like with in the in the contact with the other. 
Sprecher2:   Treating your body in a. 
Sprecher2:   Different way I can use that for like this? 
Sprecher2:   Given without permission to. 
Sprecher2:   I I I actually really like the the proximity aspect of that, bringing more awareness to my body movement so I think. 
Sprecher2:   I would have liked to play with that slight tension potential space in between even more like the tension. The attention before touch or you know, like that. Actually, this space in between. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, like really. 
Sprecher2:   Like I have played shortly. 
Sprecher2:   With another contemporary dancer with this Sentire system and just. 
Sprecher2:   To yeah, like really. 
Sprecher2:   Kind of hold. 
Sprecher2:   That space 
Sprecher2:   OK. 
Sprecher4:   I think it it also made this shift once you once you explained a little more now that it works like that, if there if it's on or off that there is, it's on touch or it's no touch and there can be also this like it's going close to 1. 
Sprecher4:   So, and that was an easy explanation and and I could feel the frustration of the person that mentioned that that she didn't understand why. So I could hear that frustration in. 
Sprecher4:   In your question like what's going on and then you explained and then it was like, uh, yeah, OK, it's like this. So then we have more information. 
Sprecher4:   And I guess that this is also. 
Sprecher4:   Changing the the way to play with it again to have more information. 
Sprecher4:   And what
Sprecher4:   What came up? 
Sprecher4:   You're not really knowing how it's working is that there was this one foot with a sock and one foot without a sock, and I'm like you're pulling each toe and then it's, but it sounds so different and it's like. 
Sprecher4:   Is this what is this coincidence or is this? I mean so you cannot play like a guitar or like a piano where you kind of. 
Sprecher4:   You a little bit know what sound would come. 
Sprecher5:   Sometimes you can. 
Sprecher4:   And sometimes, and sometimes you can, so it's like well, so it's very surprising.
Sprecher4:   Very also tried. 
Sprecher4:   And then I came. 
Sprecher1:   No, I I understand your. 
Sprecher1:   Frustration, I think especially for the first time. 
Sprecher1:   Within the context of. 
Sprecher1:   Performance on just to give you. 
Sprecher1:   A quick background this. 
Sprecher1:   To leave. 
Sprecher1:   a bit this ambiguity, also to. 
Sprecher1:   leave it to the exploration. Of course we have the risk of frustration. That is probably what is going to happen too so. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah yeah but I I. 
Sprecher1:   I totally understand the frustration I was. I was actually frustrated too. 
Sprecher1:   As you were doing that because I. 
Sprecher1:   Was like, that kind. 
Sprecher1:   Of work and I didn't tell you yet. 
Sprecher1:   But, uh, yeah, so. 
Sprecher1:   Just to say that I can understand it.
Sprecher1:   I would go on with the next questions, if w don't want to delay too much.  
Sprecher1:   How did you discover or deal
Sprecher1:   With any personal issues? 
Sprecher4:   I think the frame that you know. 
Sprecher4:   That it's clear it's two people in this case. 
Sprecher4:   It gives, but if this. 
Sprecher4:   Is also the frame of the round. 
Sprecher4:   Robin, what we did
Sprecher4:   It's like two people are inside and maybe you meet another person you haven't. 
Sprecher4:   You haven't met so much before, but then there is this kind of game padding pattern and it's it's so it's more easy to stay connected because we yeah, because of this frame, but I wouldn't say that. 
Sprecher4:   It's just because of the system. It's more that this system is inviting to make people easily. 
Sprecher1:   But was was this situation [unclear] related to some personal issues of yours or...
Sprecher4:   I think I have a personal issue to go. 
Sprecher4:   To other people and to say hi. 
Sprecher4:   Correct, so I'm not. I'm not always open, but. 
Sprecher4:   If there is a frame. 
Sprecher4:   And then I I might more easily go and meet. 
Sprecher1:   And just to give, because. 
Sprecher1:   And the the the question, might create misunderstanding, with personal issues I mean, we had one performance, for example, one person who wanted to stop the touching situation because it got too emotional for him. 
Sprecher1:   Reminding of situation with his mother and so on. And he wanted to stop, it was the only time that someone also want to stop. 
Sprecher1:   Just to give you an extreme example, you know, something that of course it's also related to the setting, it is not Sentire making in itself a magic.
Sprecher1:   But in fact using the system, something like that 
Sprecher1:   So personal issue from this point of view. 
Sprecher3:   It's for me. 
Sprecher3:   So doing something right or wrong is a story of my life. 
Sprecher3:   And then the system helped me.  Whatever you do is going to. 
Sprecher3:   Be weird anyway, so it's OK like you can't do it right or wrong right now 'cause it's. 
Sprecher3:   It has a randomness in it. 
Sprecher3:   And and it's a. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah it it's not predictable.  In a sense. 
Sprecher3:   So it helped me to acknowledge the the, uh, the randomness and the the the little power I actually have over everything and. 
Sprecher3:   That felt, yeah, that was a relief. 
Sprecher1:   It's OK, 
Sprecher1:   I mean to let go, I can do whatever I want because. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, no, not not. Totally letting go. Letting go of the I have to do it right or wrong or have to. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah yeah, OK. 
Sprecher3:   Make this sound now or not and. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, get it, get and ease into the. 
Sprecher3:   Being there. 
Sprecher3:   Or wherever like I think that's something I actually, that's that's what I would take. 
Sprecher3:   Out of the whole thing. 
Sprecher3:   Like it's yeah, it's. 
Sprecher3:   It's going to be weird noises anyway, so I'm just going to do my. 
Sprecher3:   Best that's in there. 
Sprecher5:   Maybe something to do with my analytical, judgmental mind toolk, like who needs to?
Sprecher5:   Understand what's the point of this. 
Sprecher5:   And then I like. 
Sprecher5:   And then I go. Then when I go in, 
Sprecher5:   it's like super fun. 
Sprecher5:   You know, like the experience is really. 
Sprecher5:   Like I really enjoyed the experience but then, like like theoretically, I don't really. 
Sprecher5:   Get it and then, I'm uh. 
Sprecher5:   That is very interesting and what what I, what was the point what I wanted to say.  I don't know what I wanted to say.
Sprecher5:   I was hoping also to. 
Sprecher5:   Be able to do it longer and really like. Go into it with someone without having. 
Sprecher5:   To give space. 
Sprecher5:   So quick away.
Sprecher1:   So you would have. 
Sprecher1:   Wished for longer sessions in this. 
Sprecher5:   Yeah, yeah. 
Sprecher5:   Especially because the judgement or the criticism it comes many times. 
Sprecher5:   Out when you are watching because you don't experience it and then it's like yeah, but what? Like you don't really get it. 
Sprecher5:   And then the experience can be very different. 
Sprecher5:   And also because I guess it feels like you are like this is done for the experience rather than aesthetics. 
Sprecher5:   Or like two... I mean it can. Yeah it can. 
Sprecher1:   It's a bit of both. 
Sprecher5:   But then it has to be defined, because then you approach it a bit different if you wanna perform with it then of course the approach is a bit different. 
Sprecher1:   It's true, and it's definitely especially in this context more and more about the experience. So yeah. 
Sprecher1:   Do you have more? 
Sprecher1:   To say or? 
Sprecher2:   My answer was no question. 
Sprecher1:   OK OK OK OK. 
Sprecher1:   Can you imagine to use Sentire as part of your practise? With your? I mean you have different. 
Sprecher3:   OK. 
Sprecher1:   Occupation and but with your maybe participants work for participants or students, or. 
Sprecher1:   Patients whichever direction work with. 
Sprecher1:   Would you think that Sentire could help you as part of your activity? 
Sprecher1:   And if yes, how? 
Sprecher2:   I think. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I think.. I don't work with... I do [laugh]. I just wanted to say, I don't work with really traumatized by touch, but maybe actually I do...
Sprecher2:   It could in a very positive sense 
Sprecher2:   the sound accompaniment or sounds like. 
Sprecher2:   Help recover quite damaged relationships to touch. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, and numbness or body like lack of body awareness, I could imagine it being used like both creatively 
Sprecher2:   Like that, the proximity of distance and I also imagine it being used more in therapeutic contexts. 
Sprecher2:   As I said, with people that are. 
Sprecher2:   Wanting to to work with  trauma, related to touch
Sprecher2:   To both like empower people like and to also a sense of calme in response to touch.
Sprecher2:   But I feel I would need to like work with it on a one to one basis a lot more to be able to work out how I would apply it exactly. 
Sprecher2:   I mean, watch. 
Sprecher2:   Which way exactly
Sprecher3:   I think I answered that question very early. 
Sprecher3:   Should I repeat my answer can? 
Sprecher1:   You remind me now, I don't remember.
Sprecher3:   Yeah, it's I. I talked about how the sound like creates a new experience of if I have been traumatised by touch, it can only one side it could. 
Sprecher3:   To create the sound that I. 
Sprecher3:   My feelings could be represented by the sound. 
Sprecher3:   In the in the in. 
Sprecher3:   The proximity and then the shift of the touch. 
Sprecher3:   Could just switch the sound to a soothing sound or the other way around. So working with the. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, definitely needing a special sound in itself and how that shifts. 
Sprecher3:   And yeah, like what Rosalyn said about the. 
Sprecher3:   Being healing for someone who's been traumatised by touch, creating a new experience which really is embodied by the sound. 
Sprecher3:   So it can, yeah. 
Sprecher3:   Reprogram that experience or. 
Sprecher3:   Help to go. 
Sprecher3:   Go through it again in a health space to integrate it into your body and then shifts it into a. 
Sprecher3:   This is not bad, it's it's. It's not like it used to be in that situation, which I'm reliving, and again, so transforming that moment into. 
Sprecher3:   A new one. 
Sprecher3:   And then helping helping myself. Having I have this sound that I can use inside of me when I approach someone that. 
Sprecher3:   Even helps me. 
Sprecher3:   Or the desire of I actually would like to touch someone, 'cause then I heard that sound and that sound then can be the experience. 
Sprecher3:   In real life, so having a training field of. 
Sprecher1:   Soundscapes, and just I totally understand. But this this will be. 
Sprecher1:   Something you wish. 
Sprecher1:   How you decided to design the system differently, correct? So now now that is actually the next question so, but so now is asking whether. 
Sprecher1:   You could imagine to use the system with your or someone who teaches some. 
Sprecher1:   I don't know in the context of your work. 
Sprecher3:   As a mover. 
Sprecher1:   You can imagine to use it and if yes how, so that was the question. What you meant was more. 
Sprecher1:   How you'd like to change the system, correct? 
Sprecher3:   Like well, I. 
Sprecher3:   See it? Yeah, well, it it it has the sounds
Sprecher3:   Had that equality. 
Sprecher1:   To be able. 
Sprecher1:   To sort out the sound and say I want this sound in this situation or with this order in this other situation, that's that's what you wish, right? 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, well, that's what I experienced in this sense. 
Sprecher1:   I use. 
Sprecher3:   OK. 
Sprecher1:   That's not related to. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, it's it's blurred. 
Sprecher3:   So I can't. I can't see. 
Sprecher1:   In your practise saying you're working your. 
Sprecher1:   Because the the question was more now related to that that that's why. 
Sprecher1:   But we can keep it for. 
Sprecher1:   For the next next one, yeah. 
Sprecher2:   what's just said that you're you're creating or imagining a potential way of like redesigning the system. 
Sprecher2:   it's what I'm hearing. 
Sprecher2:   And and so it kind of goes beyond what is this? 
Sprecher2:   Well, we've been up for now, and maybe I've also said the same. 
Sprecher2:   Thing you know, I would need to. 
Sprecher2:   Spend more time exploring, working with it in certain ways before I would want. 
Sprecher2:   To bring it. 
Sprecher2:   Into my working environment and I. 
Sprecher2:   Think it's also highly problematic to work with it in terms of trying to. 
Sprecher2:   Work on kind of improving people relationship with touch because. 
Sprecher2:   I think there's also. 
Sprecher2:   From what I've heard and what I've experienced, a bit of a disconnect from, like the connection that I experience with people and. 
Sprecher2:   Actually, the real like the. 
Sprecher2:   True response that's not got this layering of sound. 
Sprecher2:   Which does change how I relate with that person. 
Sprecher2:   So yeah, if I'm working with some patiens. 
Sprecher3:   Right? 
Sprecher2:   Uh, already autistic, let's say or it's kind of struggles with relationships and building relationships. 
Sprecher2:   Then that might be. 
Sprecher2:   Actually not very useful. 
Sprecher2:   Or useful to some degree, and might soothe the relationship to touch. But then, actually? 
Sprecher2:   To heighten the awareness of how. 
Sprecher2:   other people respond
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I'm not sure. 
Sprecher2:   It would be. 
Sprecher2:   You know it would. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, need a lot of research. 
Sprecher1:   No, of course. I also not expecting to say yes. I think the reason you tried out once, and I think it's totally reasonable what you just said. 
Sprecher1:   Think to use it, but I need more time to explore it and understanding which specific context to use it.
Sprecher1:   it's understandable.
Sprecher1:   So it was more. I mean this the background of this question was more like you know your experienced something, you saw something today that made you made you think, I mean, after I posted this question and also before. 
Sprecher1:   ah, look: I could use this. 
Sprecher1:   While I teach this kind of practise because ... so that was my intention, i'd say
Sprecher4:   I think I would have. I would have ideas. 
Sprecher4:   Of using it. 
Sprecher4:   Uhm, especially in kind in group context like in community building or also in in movement improvisation. But at the same time I really haven't. 
Sprecher4:   I'm I'm really having a. It's it's so complicated. 
Sprecher4:   To to bring it in. 
Sprecher4:   Into another setting because it is. 
Sprecher4:   Yeah it is creating, uh, an ambiance so. 
Sprecher4:   It's quite complex, it it's a complexity come another complexity coming in, so I think I would actually not use it because. 
Sprecher4:   It is really complex. 
Sprecher5:   I would rather try. 
Sprecher5:   To use it for. 
Sprecher5:   individual solo work and see if there is like, it fits more access to to like one body perception or experiencingone body
Sprecher5:   But now, like you were a bit looking for also. 
Sprecher5:   And for me that would be very interesting. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah yeah yeah, thank you. 
Sprecher1:   I have one one last question, so is there. 
Sprecher1:   No, actually is not the second last question. 
Sprecher1:   The last question is simple. 
Sprecher1:   If you had total freedom to change the system, what would you like to change and change and meaning both the device itself or the sounds that are generating how would you like to change the sounds which sound? 
Sprecher1:   We choose one or two things or three, let's say, so that in. 
Sprecher1:   Case you have many. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, wireless. 
Sprecher1:   That's the most often as we are actually working on it, on the research project, but. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, I think that's wireless. 
Sprecher5:   But you have, I remember. 
Sprecher5:   You have this.  
Sprecher1:   Yeah, but that is something different that it doesn't detect proximity. It's about that for movement as an accelerometer. 
Sprecher1:   That's exactly that's an accelerometer that that doesn't tell. 
Sprecher1:   You how close you are. 
Sprecher1:   For this is unfortunately a bit trickier. 
Sprecher2:   Wireless on the depth. Also like I would like some touch and to receive feedback about quality of touch. So like is that how much pressure or how much you know distance? But yeah, lightness or kind of. 
Sprecher2:   Yeah, pressure weights. This kind of change. The tone is too. 
Sprecher1:   Possible that's it's not yet there, but that is possible. 
Sprecher4:   I'm I'm I'm interested in. I mean it's changing parameters that might be the volume or the like. There's so many parameters in in sound. 
Sprecher4:   And and I like to explore what is this. 
Sprecher4:   The adaption from this. 
Sprecher4:   Parameters in sounds to the parameters in touch. How much do they have in common, or how different are they? So I feel that there at the moment I feel that there is a huge gap. 
Sprecher4:   From my, what I experienced to what I hear. 
Sprecher4:   So this is something I would like to discover and I'm. 
Sprecher4:   So it would be it would be good to know when I'm moving when I'm using this device, what parameter I'm affecting
Sprecher1:   So you mean really just to understand and be sure that I understand you correctly, so you mean really which musical parameter you're changing while you're using the system that, yeah? 
Sprecher1:   But that's that's something more you would like to know that I can certainly provide. Next time. Maybe we can start with that, so I give you without. 
Sprecher1:   Going too much. 
Sprecher1:   In detail, but in the end it's not complicated because for example for one sound I change some filters, but they're all pitch related, for example. 
Sprecher4:   Yes, but at the moment I you are doing this. 
Sprecher1:   So the data returned provides. 
Sprecher4:   You are choosing to do it, so you are choosing the. 
Sprecher4:   Picture or the philtre? 
Sprecher1:   I am not doing it, it's preprogrammed, let's say so. 
Sprecher4:   Then the computer yes. Then you programmed it that list, but you know what's going on as we are not knowing. 
Sprecher1:   Yep, correct, I can. 
Sprecher4:   So and then there is this. 
Sprecher4:   In a way from hierarchy. 
Sprecher4:   You know, we don't know we do. 
Sprecher4:   What we do? 
Sprecher4:   So, so it's it's and. And this is also like. 
Sprecher4:   I think this is. 
Sprecher4:   This is why. 
Sprecher4:   Why I would 
Sprecher4:   I see it more like a game at the moment because the. 
Sprecher4:   It is something that I am not able to accept or not able to to get. 
Sprecher1:   You know I can understand, and I can also provide this information next time. I mean this, I usually also when we do the performance we try really to explain the little as possible at the beginning because the problem is often. 
Sprecher1:   People start. 
Sprecher1:   With such system not only with this system, when it gets very mental and thinking about how it works, how it works, how it works, and sometimes they don't experience it. Of course these are different contexts because your all dancers, so you have already a different and it is part of a dense research workshop so. 
Sprecher1:   But generally, the more you explain, the more people get mental and less and perceive less. So that's. 
Sprecher1:   A bit the reason. 
Sprecher1:   Of course it also backfires with what you just explained, meaning I don't understand fully, and so I cannot use it. 
Sprecher4:   No for me. If if things stay so random, I'm touching, but any sound comes then I'm also getting bored with what's happening because it because it stays superficial. It's I'm touching and there's any sound talk on the. 
Sprecher4:   So and I don't know what sound so so the sound that's coming is not at all related to the touch. 
Sprecher4:   And this is what I what my question was before how to how to connect the the sounds to the touch. 
Sprecher4:   So maybe to that emotion that's coming up, I might be shy because I never touched it before, but it sounds is just now. 
Sprecher4:   Maybe it's a really big sound, but it's. 
Sprecher4:   This is one thing and the other thing was like I really have this wish that there is. 
Sprecher4:   That that the that it's possible to to have more interval when... 
Sprecher4:   Playing the with the sound like the musician and and the movement person. 
Sprecher1:   So me sitting down in front of the computer. That's what you mean now. 
Sprecher4:   Me, you or the computer. The programm 
Sprecher1:   Yep. Yep Yep Yep yeah. 
Sprecher5:   I have also something that was related to that and you said that in the beginning, but I said like why you need this system, why you don't play without
Sprecher5:   Without the wires and and this thing adapts to body because like there would be a anyways like there would be a communication
Sprecher5:   between. 
Sprecher5:   you as a musician and between the people who are touching and there would be, like, uh, a respond and it would be a chosen one for sure. 
Sprecher5:   Like from your perspective, but like it just for me like, uh, a bit like connected, but she said. 
Sprecher5:   you get touched, but actually like it's so random what comes out. 
Sprecher5:   But if you would do. 
Sprecher5:   It would not feel so random. 
Sprecher1:   Well, that's I mean I can really, I think to solve or go over this issue, I think it it's enough. 
Sprecher1:   Next time I give a little explanation, I think this random 'cause this is controlled randomness. I mean it's. 
Sprecher1:   the right word is stochastic, That's I don't know if this word tells you anything. if not, forget it, it's stochastic. 
Sprecher4:   What is what is now stochastic? 
Sprecher1:   it's controlled random. That's what in Computer Music is used a lot, so it's not really random. 
Sprecher1:   But yes, I also don't. 
Sprecher1:   Know what is next note, you know sinc 
Sprecher1:   But that's actually how actual instrument even work. You know, if you play a note on a certain piano, we play different, and in another in another piano, you know the risk is underlying. Of course, it's another level of randomness, but yeah, just to give you a background of that, but. 
Sprecher1:   In this case, of course.  
Sprecher2:   It's a matter of design, I decided to make it sound like that with that kind of randomness that. 
Sprecher1:   Someone might say yes, I like it fits for my needs or someone might say no. That makes no sense for me. It doesn't work and both are fine, you know. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, that's why I also ask you this question, what would you like things from this perspective
Sprecher1:   It's good that you are telling me this. 
Sprecher1:   you maybe Rosalind have something in this direction or something you wish something else you wish, 'cause you already mentioned something.
Sprecher1:   You don't have to. 
Sprecher1:   So it should have something more, otherwise the very last question is about. 
Sprecher1:   Is there anything else that you want to share that I didn't ask about? 
Sprecher1:   But somehow is in the. 
Sprecher1:   Frame of these questions that we would like to. 
Sprecher1:   Report or not? 
Sprecher4:   I think I I liked. I liked the set up somehow. I like this set up with the. 
Sprecher4:   Cables and and the bracelet. 
Sprecher4:   And I I wanted. 
Sprecher4:   To stuck it to my belly button. 
Sprecher4:   So I would like to have this so I like you would love to belt to have it. 
Sprecher1:   Yeah, we can stick it in your pants somehow. It only has to touch the skin unfortunately. I don't have a belt.. 
Sprecher4:   Yeah yeah, so I that was something that was coming up. So to stick it to to several places on the body and. 
Sprecher4:   Yeah, I like I like this being being connected through this. 
Sprecher4:   Cables and then. 
Sprecher4:   Also having the restriction. 
Sprecher4:   This is just just something that. 
Sprecher4:   OK, that that was also strong in Mandarin. 
Sprecher2:   I wonder whether it's possible to have two systems running the next time we use it, or to have like so four chords or four sensor points so that we can play with it a bit more in a jam format where there's. 
Sprecher2:   Where there's not this frame of observing to the dancing, but actually there's a more open for my eyes and. 
Sprecher1:   Theoretically it's possible. The only problem is that. 
Sprecher1:   You know, with sound. It gets easily quite confusing, you know, because you have two couples doing. I mean best case, two different sounds at least, but still, you know? So that's a bit. 
Sprecher4:   But it could be also everybody dancing, but just two people having the bracelets. We had this today and I find this really interesting to have this. 
Sprecher4:   If it's, I mean we can. 
Sprecher4:   Also pass it on or. 
Sprecher4:   I also like the idea to have two people placed in the room and the other dancing around and they can be the richest or not. 
Sprecher4:   Yeah, so I also have this kind of I. I would like to have these two people placed fixed not moving and other people moving around. Yeah yeah. 
Sprecher3:   Sitting sitting and they Bridge. 
Sprecher5:   I I actually also like a lot of setting and the the cables I find the cable so so great like at this white clean room you know and cables and like like I said it was so like contemporary performance. 
Sprecher5:   Yeah, it just reminds me that we are working with the machine, you know and with the technology and like we are like in there. 
Sprecher5:   You know how you say inter interfering the technology into the touch and and and and in one point we cannot touch each other through technology and I don't know I. 
Sprecher5:   Let's keep the cables
Sprecher3:   Yeah it needs. 
Sprecher3:   The type score helps a lot, 'cause it's a, uh, uh, having a frame. The frame in which we interact. 
Sprecher3:   Really close like what happened like being really sitting next next in front of each. 
Sprecher3:   Other and only moving the hands
Sprecher1:   How we can try the next time, yeah. 
Sprecher3:   Or just like. 
Sprecher3:   That that makes it easier because like. 
Sprecher3:   It's quite a big thing of dancing. 
Sprecher3:   And moving and sensing versus just having a just having the resistance the the amount of electricity flow between two cables and two humans or more it's it's yeah it's it's. It's a very small thing to measure versus what's going on, so it helps to keep the. 
Sprecher3:   Yeah, keep it very small and then then it's easier to lose yourself and actually come back to the sound and. 
Sprecher3:   The subtle changes will actually change the sound like the scale, because it's just a number from zero to 1. 
Sprecher3:   And that that's that's all you can measure. And and we and there is a 7,000,000 sensors that our human body perceives per second. 
Sprecher3:   And we only. 
Sprecher3:   Then there's some. We notice a little bit of that and then. 
Sprecher1:   Yep. Yep, Yep Yep, that's so. 
Sprecher1:   sounds good.
